
雲海の魔物肉=Cloudtop Monster Meat
『雲海の山脈』を制覇した証。山頂付近にのみ出現する貴重な魔物の肉。最高級の霜降りで、ほっぺたが落ちそうな美味しさ。=Proof that you have conquered the "Cloudtop Peak." Rare, mouthwatering monster meat with the finest marbling that appears only near the summit.

断崖の点心=Sheercliff Dumplings
『断崖の遺跡』を制覇した証。遺跡で手に入れたレシピで作った点心セット。希少な肉や野菜などをふんだんに使った至高の料理。=Proof that you have conquered the "Sheercliff Ruins." A dumpling set made from recipe obtained from the ruins. A supreme dish made of rare meat and vegetables.

密林の果実=Deepwood Fruit
『密林の大樹』を制覇した証。通称『世界一おいしいフルーツ』。刃を容易に通さないほど硬い外皮を持つが、その果肉は絶品。=Proof that you have conquered the "Deepwood Oak." It is also know as the "World's Most Delicious Fruit." Trough the skin is hard and difficult to pierce, the flesh is exquisite.

蒼海の淡雪飴=Tideborne Sweetsnow
『蒼海の孤塔』を制覇した証。塔の頂上にのみ舞い降りる、極上の甘さを有した淡雪で作った綿飴。神すら魅了する甘味が、食べた者を幸福の絶頂へと導く。=Proof that you have conquered the "Tideborne Tower." Exquisite cotton candy woven from the light, sugary snow that falls only at the tower's peak. Said to bring ecstasy to even the divine.

絶世の卵と山盛りご飯=Ultimate Eggs on Fluffy Rice
『毒瘴の闇稜』を制覇した証。濃厚なコクと香りを持つという絶世の卵を土鍋でふっくら炊いたご飯にかけ、濃厚醤油をひと垂らし。食べても食べてもお腹が空くような感動が口の中を駆け巡る！=Proof that you have conquered the "Darkblight Crag." Enjoy the thick and creamy flavor of the Ultimate Egg draped across freshly cooked rice, with a dash of potent soy sauce. The more you eat, the more your stomach rejoices!

至高のドラゴンテイルおでん=Dragon Tail Hotpot
『緑竜の骸嶺』を制覇した証。竜の尾から棘を抜く際にとれてしまった肉を使った贅沢なおでん。生態系の頂点に座する幻の食材は美食の世界に新たな地平をもたらした。調理されてなお、旺盛な生命力で再生し続けている。=Proof that you have conquered the "Jadewyrm's Roost". A hearty hotpot using the meat that came free while pulling the spines from a great dragon's tail. This legendary ingredient from the king of all creatures opens up new horizons for gourmets around the world. Even after being thoroughly stewed, the dragon's lingering vigor causes the tail to grow back any bites you take out of it.

天露の金甘水=Golden Sweet Dew of the Heavens
『天上の浮城』を制覇した証。城の最奥に佇む泉から湧き出す奇跡の水。生命力を高める成分が含まれており、金色に輝いて見える。天にのぼるような甘さが全身を駆け巡り、どんなに疲れていても活力がみなぎってくる。=Proof that you have conquered the "Heaven's Fortress." A miraculous water that springs from a fountain standing in the deepest part of the castle. It contains ingredients that enhance vitality and shines in gold color. Its sweetness, like ascending to the heavens, spreads throughout the body, and no matter how tired one may be, their energy is rejuvenated.

アースサボテンのハニーパンケーキ=Earth Cactus Honey Pancake
『砂瀑の底都』を制覇した証。砂瀑の最深部に自生する伝説のサボテンの蜜を、贅沢に用いた特製のパンケーキ。大地の栄養を多くに含んでおり、抜群の美肌効果で食べるほど美しくなれるという女子熱望の夢のようなスイーツ。=Proof that you have conquered the "Sandfall's Capital". A special pancake made with the honey of the legendary cactus that grows in the deepest part of the Sandfall. It is said to contain a lot of nutrients from the earth and has an outstanding beauty effect. This sweet is the dream of many women who desire to become more beautiful as they eat it.


深海直送の無限海鮮箱=Unlimited Deep Sea's Seafood Box
『紺碧の王砦』を制覇した証。蓋を開ければ、産地直送ぴちぴちの海の幸が無限に湧いてくる摩訶不思議な箱。時折、名状しがたい姿をした何かが出てくるが、不気味な見た目に似合わず滋味豊かで、神秘的な力が湧いてくる。=Proof that you have conquered the "Azure King Fortress." Once opened, this mysterious box endlessly produces fresh and plump seafood from the source. Occasionally, something with an indescribable appearance comes out, but despite its eerie appearance, it is full of flavor and exudes a mystical power.
