Sneak Peek Rank Up Detail
sr:"^必要Lv(\d+)([\s\S]{30,})$"=Required Lv $1\n$2

Selling
sr:"^\[3C404E\](.+?)(の設計図|（欠片）)?×\[-\]\[FFBB00\,CE4F00\](\d+)\[-\]\[3C404E\]を売却しますか？\[-\]$"=[3C404E]Would you like to sell the$1$2 × [FFBB00,CE4F00]$3[-]？[-]

魔力を帯びたブレスレット。つけると気合いが漲り、装備者の魔法攻撃力を上げる効果がある。=A bracelet tinged with magical energy. When worn, it overflows with energy and increases the wearer's magical attack power.
四つ葉のクローバーをあしらった御守り。幸運を呼び込み、持つ者の身を守ってくれると言われている。=A four-leaf clover charm. It is said to bring good luck and protect those who bear it.
装備すると、どこからかやる気が漲ってくる不思議なブレスレット。攻撃力を上げる効果がある。=A strange bracelet that makes you feel motivated from somewhere when you equip it. It increases your attack power.
もとは絵描きが愛用していた帽子。日よけや風よけに手頃なため駆け出しの冒険者にも人気の品。=This hat was originally favored by painters. It was popular among adventurers who ran off to avoid the sun and the wind.
冒険者以外にも愛される定番の品。軽くて歩きやすく長く履くほどに足に馴染む。=It's a standard item that's loved by non-adventurers. The lighter it is, the easier it is to walk, and the longer you wear it, the more familiar it becomes with your legs.
アストライアンシダーという針葉樹で作られた盾。加工しやすく安価なので学生の模擬戦によく用いられる。=A shield made from a conifer called an Astrayan Cedar. It's easy to process and cheap, so it's often used for mock battles by students.
冒険者が最初に選ぶ一着。初めの一歩を踏み出すことへの祝福を込めてこの名で売られるようになった。=This is the first set that adventurers choose. It has been sold under this name to celebrate the first step.
もともとは職人のエプロン。大きなポケットがその名残。冒険初心者は持ち物が多いのでこのポケットはとても重宝する。=Originally, it was a professional apron with a large pocket left behind. Beginners carry a lot of things, so this pocket is very useful.
ミステリオン森林に群生しているアストライアヒノキという香木から削り出した杖。香りが怪我人の気持ちを和らげる。=A staff carved out of a fragrant tree called the Astraea cypress that grows in the Mysterion Forest. Its scent helps the injured feel better.
小型の片手斧。本来は投げ斧として作られたが、取り回しやすさ故に、近接武器としても使われている。=A small one-handed ax. It was originally made as a throwing axe, but because it was easy to get around, it was also used as a close-range weapon.
兵士がよく使用する槍。リーチが長く、扱いやすいため、戦での採用率が高い。=A spear commonly used by soldiers. It has a long reach and is easy to use, so it has a high rate of employment in battle.
スタンダードな木製の弓。主に狩人が愛用しており、射程、威力共に、動物を狩るには申し分ない。=A standard wooden bow, favored mainly by hunters. In terms of range and power, it is perfect for hunting animals.
拳を強化する木製の武器。簡素な作りではあるが、素手で攻撃するよりも、拳にかかる負担を軽くすることができる。=A wooden weapon that strengthens one's fists. It's simple, but it can reduce the burden on the fist rather than attack with bare hands.
ペンの形をした短剣。攻撃力は低いが、携帯性に優れている。=A dagger shaped like a pen. Its attack power is low, but it has excellent portability.
どこでも手に入る安価な剣。剣を学ぶ者の多くが初めて手にする大事な一振り。=A cheap sword that can be obtained anywhere. A precious sword that many who study swords first obtain.
戦いに必要な『仁・智・勇』の智を与えてくれる珠。頭が冴え渡って魔法の効果が上がる知力の御守り。=A bead that gives you the wisdom of “humanity, wisdom, and bravery” you need to fight. An intelligent charm that will clear your mind and increase the effects of magic.
装備者の魔法攻撃力を上げてくれる特殊なメガネ。魔法石が素材として使われている。=A special pair of glasses that boosts the wearer's magic attack power. Magic stones are used as materials.
騎士が無事に帰還できるようにと、祈りを込めて作られたミサンガ。その思いが装備者を守り、防御力を上げてくれる。=Misanga was made with prayers for the knights' safe return. Those thoughts protected the equipper and boosted their defenses.
戦いに必要な『仁・智・勇』の仁を与えてくれる珠。自分や仲間を守りたいと願う愛の心の御守り。=A bead that gives you the humanity, wisdom, and courage you need to fight. A charm of love that wants to protect you and your friends.
魔物の持つ棘状の鱗がついた腕輪。装備者の力を上げる効果がある。凶暴な魔物の鱗で作られているためあまり市場には出回らない装備。=A bracelet with thorny scales that monsters wield. It boosts the wearer's strength. It's made from the scales of ferocious monsters, so it doesn't go on the market very often.
戦いに必要な『仁・智・勇』の勇を与えてくれる珠。どんな敵にもひるまず向かっていく勇気の御守り。=A bead that gives you the courage of the “humanity, wisdom, and bravery” you need to fight. A charm of courage that will not flinch at any enemy.
魔法薬の素材採取のために、各地を旅する魔法使いが履く靴。過酷な環境にも耐えられるように、とても丈夫に作られている。=These shoes are worn by magic users traveling all over the country to gather materials for magic potions. They are made to be very durable, so that they can withstand harsh conditions.
かつて、僧侶が信仰を広めるため大陸各地を旅する時に着た衣。動きやすく丈夫なため、多くの魔法使いが愛用している。=A robe worn by monks when traveling across the continent to spread their faith. It is easy to move around in and durable, so many magic users love it.
貴重なユニコーンの角を使った杖。角には傷を癒す力があり、回復魔法の効果が上がる。=A staff made from precious unicorn horns. The horns have the power to heal wounds, which increases the effectiveness of recovery magic.
回復魔法との相性が良い杖。ヒーラーの魔法使いが好んで使用する。=A staff that goes well with recovery magic. It is favored by healer magic users.
宝玉を抱くドラゴンの姿をかたどった杖。わずかではあるが竜の力が込められている。=A staff shaped like a dragon holding an orb. It's imbued with the power of a dragon, if only slightly.
自然と密接な繋がりを持つエルフが作り上げた杖。武器としてだけではなく、豊穣への祈りにも使われる。=A staff made by an elf with close ties to nature. It is not only used as a weapon, but also as a prayer for a bountiful harvest.
高度な鋳造技術を用いて作り出された戦斧。その重量を活かした攻撃で、敵を殲滅する。=A battle-axe created using advanced casting techniques. It uses its weight to annihilate enemies.
鋼の戦斧。木こり用の物と違い、武器として作られたそれは、確かな殺傷能力を持っている。=A steel battle-axe. Unlike woodcutters, it was made as a weapon, and it had a definite lethal ability.
火の精霊の力を注いだ槍。揺らめく炎のような穂先は魔物を倒せば倒すほどますます激しく燃え盛っていく。=A spear with the power of a fire spirit poured into it. The flickering flame-like tip burns more fiercely the more monsters it defeats.
大陸を沈めるほどの力を持つ、海神ポセイドンの三叉鉾にあやかった槍。=It was a spear suspicious of the sea god Poseidon's trident, powerful enough to sink an entire continent.
クリスタルマウンテンで採れる素材を使って作られた弓。水晶が魔法の触媒にもなるため、魔力を帯びた矢を放つことが可能。=A bow made from materials harvested from Crystal Mountain. Since crystals can also be used as catalysts for magic, it is possible to fire magic-infused arrows.
革に鉄を埋め込んだ、拳を強化するための武器。己の体一つで戦おうとする武芸者の為の装備。=A weapon embedded in leather to strengthen one's fists. A weapon for martial artists trying to fight with only their own bodies.
戦いより、森や山で遭難した時に真価を発揮するナイフ。生き残るための様々なギミックが詰め込まれている。=A knife that shows its true value when you're stranded in a forest or a mountain rather than a battle. It's packed with all kinds of gimmicks for survival.
美しい曲線を描く刀。勇猛で知られた将軍をして血に濡らすのは惜しいと言わしめた美術品としても一級の一振り。=A katana with a beautiful curve. A first-class sword even for a work of art known for its bravery, one that made one say it was a shame to get soaked in blood.
七色に光る美しい剣。刀身は振るう度に発光し、その軌道は、まるで空中に光が舞うように見える。=A beautiful sword that glows seven colors. The blade glows with every swing, and its trajectory makes it look like light is dancing through the air.
とある貴族に献上された名剣を模して作られた一品。見た目の美しさもさることながら、切れ味も良く、実用性も高い。=It was made in the image of a famous sword presented to a certain aristocrat. It was not only beautiful in appearance, but also sharp and practical.
刃と柄を歯車が繋ぐ珍しい剣。時計屋と鍛冶屋がコラボして開発した武器。=A rare sword with a blade and hilt connected by gears. A weapon developed by a clocksmith and a blacksmith in collaboration.
光の女神・アグライアの神託を受けた刀鍛冶が生涯をかけて鍛え上げた光の剣。人類が魔神に対抗しうる武器として、高名な勇者が手にした。=The sword of light forged by the swordsmith who received the oracle of the Goddess of Light, Agria, over the course of his life. The famed Hero held it as a weapon that humanity could use against the Archdemon.
蒼き夜の輝きに満ちたブローチ。優美なる夜想の旋律は邪念を祓い、精神を純化させることで、身につけた者の更なる潜在能力を引き出す。=A brooch filled with the glow of the azure night. The elegant melody of nocturnal thoughts exorcises evil thoughts and purifies the mind, bringing out even more latent potential of the wearer.
混沌の神が地上へもたらしたとされる魔装具。宝石内部に描かれた緻密な立体魔法陣により異界からの魔力を無尽蔵に取り出せる。=A magical armament said to have been brought to the surface by the God of Chaos. An inexhaustible amount of magical energy can be extracted from the other world through the precise three-dimensional magic circle drawn inside the jewel.
太古の地層より出土した、膨大な魔力の結晶体を用いた指輪。魔法を何百倍にも増幅させるが扱いが困難なため、優れた術者しか扱えない。=A ring made from vast magical crystals excavated from ancient strata. It amplifies magic hundreds of times, but is difficult to handle, so only the best casters can wield it.
氷の心を持った姫君が愛を知り、自然と零れ出た涙が結晶化したものをあしらったリボン。身に着けると氷雪を自在に操れるようになる。=A ribbon made of crystallized tears that a princess with an icy heart naturally sheds upon learning of love. Wearing it will allow you to freely manipulate ice and snow.
叡智を極め、神の領域に到達した賢人が遺した装飾品。秀でた知恵者にのみ装着を許され、周囲の魔力を奪い無限に供給する。=An accessory left behind by a wise man who has mastered wisdom and reached the realm of the gods. Only the most gifted of wise men are permitted to wear it, stealing the magical energy from those around them and supplying it with an infinite supply.
穢れなき聖獣、ユニコーンの加護を宿した首飾り。角に宿りし聖なる力は装備者の魔力を高め、霊妙な才覚を授ける。=An unsullied holy beast, a necklace imbued with the protection of Unicorns. The holy power residing in its horns enhances the wearer's mana and grants them a wondrous gift.
海神が持つとされる槍をかたどった耳飾り。海のように深い色合いをした碧い宝玉は、荒れ狂う海を鎮めるほどの魔力を授けるという。=An earring shaped like a spear wielded by the sea god. It is said that the blue orb, colored as deep as the sea, bestows enough magical power to calm the raging sea.
戦乱から国を護りぬき、英盾王と呼ばれた君主愛用の腕輪。周囲の魔力を吸収して守護の力を展開し、絶対的防御で同胞の盾となる。=This is the beloved bracelet of the monarch, known as the King of the British Shields, which protects the country from war. It absorbs the surrounding mana and deploys the power of the guardians to serve as a shield for its brethren in absolute defense.
聖樹の力を宿すと言い伝えられる、ハープを象ったブローチ。緑豊かな天界の庭園を思わせる癒しに満ちた音色は、いかなる厄災をも退ける。=A brooch shaped like a harp, said to house the power of the Holy Tree. Its soothing tone, reminiscent of a verdant garden in heaven, warded off any calamity.
天空の花園にのみ生息するという霊蝶の翅を魔術的に再現した首飾り。その羽ばたきは因果を歪め致命の一撃すらも静かに受け止める。=A necklace that magically reproduces the wings of a sacred butterfly said to inhabit only the Celestial Garden. Its flapping warps causality, quietly blocking even fatal blows.
盾の女神の加護を宿した指輪。指を通せば万里に渡る魔力の巨盾を展開し、降りかかる苦痛、邪悪、厄災を断つ。=A ring imbued with the protection of the Goddess of Shields. If you put your finger through it, it will deploy a massive shield of magical energy that spans tens of thousands of miles, eliminating the pain, evil, and calamity that befalls you.
母なる大海を司る神のウロコから生まれ出た髪留め。身に着けた者は大海の加護を受け、如何なる攻撃をも受け止める。=A hair clip born from the scales of the God of Mother Oceans. Those who wear it receive the divine protection of the Great Sea, and can block any attack.
結晶化した人魚姫の落涙を宝玉としてあしらった首飾り。永遠へ紡がれる想いは青い輝きを放ち続け、あらゆる呪詛を拒絶する。=A necklace adorned with the crystallized tears of the Mermaid Princess as an orb. The feelings woven into eternity continue to shine blue, rejecting all curses.
精霊王に祝福された耳飾り。森一つ覆いつくすほどの守護の力はありとあらゆる災厄を寄せ付けないという。=An earring blessed by the Spirit King. It is said that the power of a guardian strong enough to cover an entire forest will keep any calamity at bay.
戦勝をもたらすラッパのブローチ。象られた霊鳥は戦場に赴くと生きているかのように飛び回り、軽快なリズムを奏で、装備者を勝利に導く。=A bugle brooch that brings victory to the battlefield. The spirit bird flies around as if it's alive on the battlefield, playing a light rhythm to guide its armament to victory.
闘いの女神が唯一寵愛したとされる真紅の薔薇を象った首飾り。装備者の闘争心に呼応し紅き輝きと共に女神の加護をもたらす。=A necklace in the shape of a crimson rose, said to have been the sole favorite of the Goddess of War. It responds to the fighting spirit of its armament, bringing with it the protection of the goddess along with its red glow.
闇の世界の伝説的暗殺者が愛用した指輪型の暗器。火竜の爪を模した棘には業火が宿り、一刺しで骨も残さず焼き尽くす。=A ring-shaped secret weapon favored by the legendary assassins of the underworld. Its thorns, modeled after fire dragon claws, were imbued with inferno, and a single stab could burn through them without leaving a single bone behind.
陰謀渦巻く戦国時代を生き抜いた伝説のくノ一が身に着けていた簪。簪に掛けられた魔法は、どんな華奢な身にも鬼神の如き力を与える。=A hairpin worn by the legendary kunoichi who lived through the swirling warring states of conspiracy. The magic on the hairpin gives any slender body the power of a demon god.
闘神の荒ぶる魂を宿した腕輪。大気中の魔力を力に変換し、山を砕くほどの膂力を与えるが、使うに値する武力が不可欠。=A bracelet imbued with the War God's raging soul. It converts the magical energy in the atmosphere into power, granting it enough power to shatter mountains, but it requires a force worthy of use.
竜の怒りを封じ込めたと伝承される神秘のペンダント。憤怒の化身として、身につけた者に山を震わせ大地を砕く力を与える。=A mysterious pendant said to contain the dragon's wrath. As the incarnation of indignation, it gives the wearer the power to shake mountains and shatter the earth.
数千年も昔の地層から発掘された魔石の耳飾り。膨大な自然の力を蓄えており、身に着けた者に大いなる大地の加護を与える。=An earring of magic stones excavated from the stratum thousands of years ago. It stores vast amounts of natural power, granting the wearer the protection of the great earth.
大地の守護天使たちの加護を賜りし聖帽。真の求道者へのみ授けられ、身に着ける者は天上の理である奇蹟に触れることが叶うとされる。=A holy cap blessed by the guardian angels of the earth. It is said that it is bestowed upon true seekers, and those who wear it are granted access to miracles that are the laws of the heavens.
人類にその身を捧げた聖女が愛用した繁栄のベール。この聖遺物を手にした者は、僥倖と災厄のすべてを見定めることができるとされる。=A veil of prosperity favored by the Sacred Maiden, who dedicated her body to humanity. It is said that those who obtain this relic will be able to judge all fortune and calamity.
民草から絶大な尊敬を集めていた聖女に贈られた冠。心清らかな者が身に着ければ、邪な者を遠ざける力を発揮する。=A crown given to a saint who has earned great respect from the grass. If worn by a pure-hearted person, it will have the power to ward off evil.
過去に滅び、忘れ去られた国の王女が身に着けていた冠。次の持ち主には、深い哀しみを伝える代わりに、膨大な魔力を授ける。=A crown worn by the princess of a country that had been destroyed and forgotten in the past. In exchange for conveying her deep sorrow to its next owner, she bestowed an enormous amount of magical power upon it.
命を賭して祖国を救った伝説の親衛隊長が身に着けていた瀟洒な帽子。大きな羽飾りは装備者のみならず目にした者の勇気を奮い立たせる。=An elegant hat worn by the legendary captain of the Royal Guard, who risked his life to save his homeland. The large feather ornament inspires the courage of not only those equipped, but those who see it.
薔薇王女と謳われた姫君が愛用したドレスヒール。ひとたび履けば妖艶なる趣で、たとえ愛の天使や神であっても魅了し堕落せしめたという。=A dress heel favored by the princess, hailed as the Rose Princess. Once she wore it, it had a bewitching feel to it. It was said to have charmed and corrupted even the angels and gods of love.
神界の銀と錬金術の粋を集め作られた鏡の脚具。歩を刻むごとに実体を持った鏡像を生み出し、無尽の軍勢を形成して敵を威圧する。=A mirror legging made from the finest silver and alchemy in the divine realm. With each step, it creates a mirror image with a physical form, forming an inexhaustible army to intimidate the enemy.
享楽的な人格と妖艶な美貌で、いくつもの国を混乱に陥れた魔女が愛用した靴。履いて歩くだけで幻影が発生し、見る者を惑い狂わせる。=Her hedonistic personality and bewitching beauty were the shoes favored by witches who had thrown many countries into chaos. Just walking around wearing them created illusions, driving anyone who saw them mad.
天空の守護天使たちの加護を賜りし戦靴。四方の天使に授かった祝福の羽根をあしらうことで、万象の呪詛と苦難を退ける無比の聖性を宿す。=A pair of shoes blessed with the protection of the guardian angels of the heavens. By treating the feathers of blessings bestowed upon the angels on all sides, they are imbued with an unparalleled sanctity that can ward off the curses and hardships of all creation.
天使の羽根で作られた黄金に輝く羽靴。扱いには熟練を要するが、ひとたび足に纏えば自在に天翔けることができる。=A pair of golden, shining feathered shoes made from angelic feathers. They require mastery to wield, but once wrapped around one's legs, one can soar freely into the heavens.
覇道を征った戦姫が敵の刃に倒れるまで身に着けていたとされる軍靴。あと一歩世界に手が届かなかった無念が絶大な魔力として宿っている。=A pair of military boots said to have been worn by the Princess of War, who had conquered the Hegemony, until she fell to the enemy's blade. The regret of not being able to reach the world was imbued with tremendous magical power.
混沌の世界に清浄をもたらす聖蓮華の円盾。破邪の祈念が込められた紋様は、時にその大輪の花弁を賭してまでも己が主の窮地を護るという。=A round shield of holy lotus flowers that brings purity to the world of chaos. It is said that a crest imbued with the prayers of evil sometimes protects one's master's predicament, even at the cost of those large petals.
神界の銀と幾千もの魔術を組み合わせた鏡の盾。傷ひとつ付かない曇りなき鏡面は、禁呪すら反射する。=A mirror shield that combines the silver of the divine realm and thousands of magic spells. The unclouded, unblemished surface of the mirror reflects even the forbidden spell.
天体図が刻まれた円盾。天に浮かぶ星々の力が宿っており、どんな攻撃も受け流すその力は星の導きと呼ぶに相応しい。=A circular shield with a celestial map carved into it. It was imbued with the power of the stars floating in the heavens, and the power to parry any attack was worthy of being called the guidance of a star.
緋天に咲く牡丹百合の花弁で編んだ深紅のドレス。情熱を司る花の加護は、着用者に不撓不屈の精神を授けいかなる危局をも撥ね退ける。=A deep crimson dress woven from the petals of a peony lily that blooms in the scarlet sky. The protection of a flower that governs passion bestows an indomitable spirit upon its wearer and repels any danger.
西天を司る守護天使の加護を受けた月白の法衣。混迷の世界を導く光に満ちており、守護天使の清き祝福と啓示を恩恵に授かるという。=A moon-white robe blessed by the guardian angel of the western heavens. It is said to be filled with the light that guides you through the chaotic world and bestows blessings and revelations upon the guardian angels.
星を詠み全てを見通した預言者が着ていたローブ。袖を通せば星の軌道から万物を詠み解き、あらゆる厄災を事前に察知することができる。=A robe worn by a prophet who recites the stars and sees through them all. If you put your sleeves on it, you can recite all things from the orbits of the stars, and you can sense all calamities ahead of time.
氷上を統べし歴代の仙女が着ていたとされる神秘のローブ。ひとたび身に纏えば、天衣のオーラであらゆる衝撃を無効化する。=A mysterious robe worn by past adepti who reigned over the ice. Once worn, the aura of the heavenly robe would nullify any impact.
幾千もの魔術を操り、魔術王と呼ばれた者が纏ったローブ。纏うに値する術者には、膨大な王の知識と魔力が授けられるという。=A robe worn by those who wield thousands of spells and are called the King of Magic. It is said that a caster worthy of wearing it is bestowed with vast amounts of kingly knowledge and magical power.
かつて偉大な女帝が身に着けていたローブ。紡糸の一本一本に女帝の魔力が込められており、身に着けた者をあらゆる魔術から守る。=A robe once worn by a great empress. Each and every one of the threads is imbued with the empress's magic, protecting those who wear it from all kinds of magic.
神に全てを捧げた巫女が着ていた装束。着ている者は神の寵愛を一身に受け、魔に屈することのない護りの力を授けられるという。=A costume worn by a shrine maiden who has dedicated everything to the gods. It is said that those who wear it receive the grace of the gods and are granted the power to protect them without giving in to the demons.
白霞の花妖精が切なる祈りを込めた薄染めの聖衣。その幸福の加護と聖性は遍く災厄や穢れを寄せ付けず、着用者の心身に安寧をもたらす。=A light-dyed holy robe filled with the prayers of the White Kasumi Fairy. Its blessings and holy nature keep calamity and filth at bay, bringing peace to the wearer's mind and body.
東天を司る守護天使の加護を受けた深緑の装束。病を遠ざける治癒の風を纏っており、守護天使の健やかな慈愛と献身を恩恵に授かるという。=A deep green outfit blessed by the guardian angel of the Eastern Sky. It is said to be wrapped in a healing wind that wards off illness, and bestows blessings upon the guardian Angel's healthy affection and devotion.
伝説の舞姫が着ていた衣装。身に着けることで体は水と同質に変化し、流水の如き変幻自在の動きで敵を翻弄する。=A costume worn by the legendary dancer. Wearing it changes your body to the same quality as water, toying with the enemy with your movements as freely as running water.
冥府の王に仕えし密偵の戦闘衣装。着衣者の殺傷能力を極限まで引き出し、新たな影の歴史を彩ることを強いるだろう。=A spy's battle garb that serves the Lord of the Netherworld. It will draw out the wearer's ability to kill as much as possible, forcing them to paint a new history of shadows.
炎鬼神の魔力を宿した戦装束。ひとたび身に着ければ守護の業炎を全身に纏い、降りかかる災いをことごとく滅却する。=A battle costume imbued with the magical power of the god of fire. Once worn, it will engulf the entire body in the flames of the guardian deity, completely destroying all the calamities that will befall it.
穢れを知らぬ乙女だけが身に着けることができる神聖な服。乙女が無垢な祈りを捧げることにより発揮される破邪の力は絶大。=A sacred garment that can only be worn by a maiden who knows no impurity. The power of destruction manifested by a young maiden praying innocently is immense.
生涯で一度の敗北もなかった女騎士が身に着けていた戦衣。ひとたび纏えば、如何なる戦局も覆す不倒の戦果を挙げることができるという。=A battle robe worn by a female knight who had never lost a battle in her entire life. It is said that once worn, she could achieve undefeated results that overturned any war situation.
枯れた大地を万年耐え抜く覇王樹で作られた碧翠の鎧。いかなる渇きも撥ね退ける加護を持ち、終わらぬ戦火から永久に主人を守り抜く。=A blue-green armor made from the Hegemon's Tree, capable of withstanding the withered earth for ten thousand years. It has divine protection that repels any thirst and protects its master from endless fires of war.
北天を司る守護天使の加護を受けた真紅の鎧。罪を清める審判の炎で鍛えられており、守護天使の深き洞察と鋭き見識を恩恵に授かるという。=Crimson armor blessed by the guardian angel of the northern heavens. It is forged from the flames of judgment that cleanse sin, and it is said to be blessed with the deep insight and keen insight of a guardian angel.
神界の銀を鍛冶神の御業で鍛えた鏡の鎧。磨き抜かれた胸部の鏡はあらゆる魔法を捻じ曲げ吸収し、凄まじい光の奔流に変え撃ち放つ。=Mirror armor forged from the work of the Blacksmithing God. The polished mirror on its chest twists and absorbs all magic, turning it into a tremendous torrent of light.
天と地の境界に潜みし風の守護神が常用したとされる重鎧。纏いし者の周囲に鋭い烈風を巻き起こし、触れた者を慄かせる。=Heavy armor that is said to have been used by the guardian deity of the wind that lurks on the boundary between heaven and earth. It creates a sharp gust of wind around the wearer, making anyone who touches it shudder.
かつて繁栄を極めた古代王朝の遺跡から発掘された金色の鎧。数千年の時を経てもその神々しい輝きと、絶対的強度は失われることはない。=A golden armor excavated from the ruins of an ancient dynasty that once prospered. Even after thousands of years, its divine brilliance and absolute strength will never be lost.
危機に瀕した祖国を救うため立ち上がった勇猛な乙女が身に着けていた鎧。不思議な加護により、あらゆる攻撃を弾く。=The armor worn by a valiant maiden who stood up to save her homeland when it was in danger. It repelled any and all attacks with its mysterious divine protection.
青く透き通る結晶から作られた鎧。これまで発見されたことのない結晶は、加工さえも困難な強度を誇り、表面を曇らせることさえできない。=Armor made from clear blue crystals. Crystals that have never been discovered before boast strength that is difficult to process, and can't even cloud the surface.
純潔と威厳を司る天界の白百合に加護された白花の鎧。装備者を包む優雅な香りは一切の不浄を退け何事にも動じぬ凛とした気風を纏わせる。=A white-flowered armor blessed by a white lily of heaven that presides over purity and majesty. The elegant scent enveloping the armament repels all impurity and gives off a dignified air, unfazed by anything.
南天を司る守護天使の加護を受けた紺碧の鎧。正義を示す神の使徒を率いる強者の証であり、守護天使の大いなる力を恩恵に授かるという。=A dark-blue armor blessed by the guardian angel of the southern heavens. It is proof of being strong enough to lead an apostle of God to prove justice, and it is said to grant the great power of a guardian angel a boon.
自ら戦場で剣を振るった、伝説の軍国の王女が纏いしバラの鎧。纏えば気高き魂がその身に宿り、いかなる絶望や恐怖にも屈することはない。=The armor of roses worn by the legendary princess of the military nation, who wielded her own sword on the battlefield. Once she wore it, her noble soul would dwell within her, and she would not yield to any despair or fear.
伝説の舞踊兵士の一族が戦地で纏っていた軽鎧。花びらが舞うように身軽な上に、その強度はいかなる猛攻も許さない。=The light armor worn by the legendary family of dancing soldiers on the battlefield. Not only is it as agile as a flower petal dancing, but its strength allows no onslaught.
暗澹たる深山を支配してきた賊の女王の鎧。纏えば魔獣の如き強靭さと獰猛さが滾り、血風舞う戦場で輝く野蛮な美しさに人々は畏怖する。=The armor of the Queen of Thieves, who ruled over the gloomy mountains. When wrapped in it, the strength and ferocity of the monsters seethed, and the savage beauty that shone on the bloody battlefield terrified the people.
失われた太古の技術で作られた鎧。身に着けた者は不可視の翼を授かり戦場を縦横無尽に駆け抜ける。=Armor made with ancient, lost technology. Those who wear it are granted invisible wings and can race across the battlefield.
見るものを惑わす魔性の鎧。立ち上る紫煙の揺らめきを一度目にすると、逃れようのない深い幻惑に誘われてしまうという。=A demonic armor that confuses all who see it. It is said that the first time you see the flickering purple smoke rising up, you are tempted by a deep, inescapable illusion.
神話に記された癒しの蛇妃の加護を受けた聖杖。杖より絶えず生成される聖水は、あらゆる傷病のみならず死の運命すら流し清めるという。=A holy wand blessed by the Mythical Consort of the Healing Serpent. It is said that the holy water constantly generated from the wand can wash away not only all wounds, but even the fate of death.
永遠を生きる不死鳥の炎を宿す深紅の杖。杖から溢れ出す炎は重篤なケガもたちどころに癒し、時に死者すら蘇らせるという。=A crimson staff imbued with the flames of an eternal phoenix. It is said that the flame that overflows from the staff heals not only grave injuries, but sometimes even revives the dead.
様々な世界を内包すると言われる世界樹の枝を模した杖。宝玉から発する生命の息吹により、万物に癒しを与える。=A staff shaped like the branches of a World Tree said to contain many worlds. The breath of life emanating from the orb heals all things.
稀代の占星術師が知識と技術を結集させた神秘の杖。天球が星の動きを読み解いて仲間を導き、星の輝きを集め治癒の光に変換し解き放つ。=A mysterious wand made by a rare astrologer with a combination of knowledge and skill. The celestial spheres read the movements of the stars to guide their companions, gathering the radiance of the star and converting it into healing light to release it.
母なる海の生命を蓄えた聖なる杖。この杖を振るえば、いかなる怪我や病気もたちどころに快癒するといわれている。=A holy staff that holds the life of Mother Ocean. It is said that wielding this staff will heal any injury or illness in no time.
慈愛の精神によって結晶化した霊花があしらわれた聖杖。もたらされる無尽蔵の治癒力は、もはや女神そのもの。=A holy wand adorned with crystallized sacred flowers in the spirit of benevolence. The inexhaustible healing power brought about by it is now that of a goddess.
愛に生きた炎の女神による加護を受けた杖。燃えるような愛の光は、傷ついた仲間の傷だけではなく、心までも癒すことができるという。=A staff blessed by the Goddess of Fire, who lived in love. It is said that the burning light of love can heal not only the wounds of wounded comrades, but even their hearts.
神話に記された蛇たちの覇王の魂を刻んだ魔杖。放たれる業炎は敵に巻きついて離さずその身を焼き続け、魂すら燃やし尽くすという。=A magic wand engraved with the souls of the legendary Hegemon of the Serpents. It is said that the inferno coils around the enemy and burns their bodies without letting go, burning their souls to the ground.
この世で一番美しいとされる霊蝶の翅を用いた杖。翠の翅が生み出す風と輝く鱗粉が敵の感覚を狂わせ、荒ぶる魔物も無血で制圧する。=A wand made from the wings of the most beautiful spirit butterfly in the world. The wind and glowing scales created by Sui's wings throw off the enemy's senses, suppressing the raging monsters without blood.
死の神が月の女神から奪い、深淵に貶めた魔法杖。使う者の命運を喰らい、月相の如く生と死を流転させると言い伝えられる。=A magic wand that the god of death stole from the goddess of the moon and degraded it into an abyss. It is said to devour the fate of those who use it, allowing life and death to flow like the moon.
神々の大戦を生き延びた龍の魂を封じた杖。ランタンの放つ黒き魔光が敵を葬り、魂を喰らう。喰らった魂の数だけ灯りは強く妖しく光る。=A staff that seals away the souls of the dragons who survived the Great War of the Gods. The black magic light emitted by the lantern entombs the enemy and consumes their souls. As many souls are consumed, the lights shine brightly and bewitchingly.
天に轟く稲妻の力が込められた聖なる杖。人の手には余る苛烈な力のこもった杖ではあるが、ひとたび使いこなせれば如何なる敵も焼き払う。=A holy staff imbued with the power of lightning that roared across the heavens. It was a staff filled with a fierce power beyond human hands, but once mastered, it could burn away any foe.
世紀の大魔導士が愛用した杖。天地創造の理を宿しているとされ、一振りで魔物を塵をも残さず消し飛ばすという。=A staff favored by the Great Sorcerer of the Century. It is said to be imbued with the Law of Creation, and it can obliterate monsters without leaving a speck of dust behind with a single swing.
異界の魔力を封じ込めたとされる杖。爆発的な威力を宿しているが、相応の実力者でなければ、その力を解放することはできないという。=A staff said to contain magical energy from another world. It is imbued with explosive power, but it is said that only those with the appropriate power can unleash that power.
山の神と呼ばれた火熊の魂を宿す戦斧。魂を共鳴させ放つ灼熱の一振りは、味方に豊穣と繁栄を、仇なす者には破滅と衰退をもたらすという。=A battle-axe imbued with the soul of a fire bear, known as the god of the mountains. It is said that a single swing of the scorching heat that resonates with the souls of the souls brings prosperity and fertility to the allies, and destruction and decline to those who avenge them.
神代に存在した蒼海の深水を鍛えた戦斧。膨大な量の水を凝縮した超重の刃は、大波の如き破壊の奔流を生み出し、眼前の敵全てを呑み潰す。=A battle-ax forged from the deep water of the azure sea that existed in the Age of the Gods. Its super-heavy blade, condensed with an enormous amount of water, created a torrent of destruction like a great wave, swallowing up all the enemies before it.
かつて栄華を誇った文明の遺失技術である蒸気による変形機構を備えた斧。出力を最大まで振り切ると星の核をも砕くと言われている。=An axe equipped with a steam-based transformation mechanism, a lost technology of civilization that once boasted great prosperity. It is said to shatter the planet's core if it shakes off its output to the maximum.
巨神族が愛用した無骨な戦斧。神界の巨岩から削り出した刀身は恐るべき硬度と重量を誇り、たった一撃で大地の形を変えてしまう。=An unrefined battle-ax favored by the Giant Gods. The blade, carved out of the giant rock of the divine realm, boasted a fearsome hardness and weight, and could change the shape of the earth with a single blow.
古の女戦士が振るった戦斧。この斧に屠られた者は、神々の住まう肥沃な理想郷へと迎え入れられるといわれている。=A battle-ax wielded by an ancient female warrior. It is said that those slaughtered by this axe will be welcomed into a fertile utopia inhabited by the gods.
天界が裁きを下す際に用いるとされる、聖なる斧。相手が抱える業が大きいほど威力は増大し、神の威光を示す。=A holy axe said to be used by the heavens when passing judgment. The greater the opponent's karma, the more powerful it becomes, indicating the power of the gods.
冥界の力が封じ込められた斧。死を司る使者がその役目を執行する時に使い、鈍い音を立てながら生者を冥界に送るという。=An axe containing the power of the Netherworld. It is said to be used by the messenger in charge of death to send the living to the Nebulis Realm with a dull sound.
神域を護る聖獣を象った霊槍。自然に存在する命脈を司るとされ、その一撃は、荒れ果てた死の土地へ新たな命を芽吹かせるという。=A spirit spear in the shape of a sacred beast that protects the Sanctuary. It is said to govern the veins of life that naturally exist, and its attack will bring new life to the ruined land of death.
大地を統べる母なる神が、禍を司る悪しき女神に立ち向かう勇者に与えた重槍。迸る大地のパワーを纏いし一閃は、この世の一切を塵に返す。=The Mother God, ruler of the land, gave the heavy spear to the Hero, who stood up to the evil goddess, lord of calamity. The flash clad in the power of the surging earth returned everything in the world to dust.
天にまで名を轟かせる鍛冶師が炎帝の名を受け生み出した伝説の槍。その穂先は灼熱の業火を纏い、神の怒りの如く森羅万象を焼き貫く。=A legendary lance created by a smith renowned even to the heavens by the name of the Flame Emperor. Its tip is wreathed in a blazing inferno, burning through all things in the forest like the wrath of a god.
幽冥を支配する神が振るう魔槍。紅蓮の切っ先からは奈落に幽閉されし咎神の憎悪と闇の魔力が迸り、見境なしの殺戮を繰り返す。=The Demon Spear wielded by the god who ruled over the afterlife. From the tip of the crimson blade surged the hatred and dark magic of the Sinful God imprisoned in the abyss, slaughtering it indiscriminately.
聖域を守護する者が振るった神聖な槍。切っ先が向く先に敵はなく、ただ足元に邪悪なるものの骸が転がり続けたという。=A sacred spear wielded by the guardians of the Sanctuary. It is said that there is no enemy at its tip, only the corpse of something evil lying at its feet.
風の神からの恩恵を授かった由緒正しき大槍。その一撃は目にも止まらぬ突風となり、全てを吹き飛ばす。=A great lance with a long history, endowed with the blessings of the God of Wind. The blow became an unseen gust of wind that blew everything away.
伝説の氷獄に封印されていたとされる氷の槍。その一突きの餌食になった者は、悲鳴すらも凍りついてしまうという。=A spear of ice said to have been sealed in a legendary ice prison. It is said that those who fall prey to that single thrust will freeze even their screams.
天翔ける精霊を宿せし狩弓。荒ぶる風を纏い放たれる一矢に貫けぬ物はなく、精霊に認められし使い手ともなれば、嵐すら巻き起こすという。=A hunting bow imbued with the spirits of the heavens. It is said that there is nothing that cannot be pierced by a single arrow wrapped in a raging wind, and that being recognized by the spirits as a wielder can even create a storm.
大地を統べる母なる神が、邪竜退治に挑む英雄に与えた頑強な大弓。大地のエネルギーが巡る弓から放たれる一矢は天に輝く星をも穿つ。=A mighty bow given to a hero by the Mother God, ruler of the land, to slay the evil dragon. A single arrow fired from the bow, charged with the energy of the earth, bore down on a shining star in the heavens.
冬の女神が流した涙の結晶で作られた弓。放たれた矢は女神の加護を纏い、あらゆる難敵を永久に氷漬けにする。=A bow made from the tear crystals shed by the Goddess of Winter. The arrows were fired with the blessing of the Goddess, permanently freezing all difficult enemies.
神話の大英雄が使った巨大な弓。常人では持つことすらかなわず、放たれた一矢は天を穿ち空を支配する龍すら撃ち墜とすという。=An enormous bow used by the Mythical Hero. It is said that a normal person would not be able to hold it, and that a single arrow would pierce the heavens and shoot down even the dragon that rules the sky.
伝説の弓使いが、弓折れ矢尽きた際天から遣わされたという聖なる弓。どんな速射にも耐え、使い手の狙ったところに矢を届ける。=A holy bow said to have been sent from the heavens by a legendary archer when the bow broke and the arrow ran out. It withstood any rapid fire and delivered the arrow to its wielder's target.
魔族の女王の加護を受けた妖弓。射掛けた矢は禍々しい魔力を帯び、闇に紛れるかのごとくどこからともなく敵を襲う。=An unearthly bow blessed by the queen of daemons. The arrows she fired bore an ominous magical power, and as if blending in with the darkness, they assaulted the enemy out of nowhere.
白銀の翼を持つ鳥を模した弓。放たれた矢は滑空する鳥のように飛び、その透き通るような一撃であらゆる魔を貫く。=A bow shaped like a bird with silver wings. The arrow flies like a gliding bird, piercing all evil with its transparent blow.
原野の霊獣が姿を変えたと謳われる拳武具。武勇に優れた者が扱えば、心身ともに錬鉄を超える頑強さを誇り、武の境地の入口へ至るという。=A fist-armor said to have been transformed by the spirit beasts of the wilderness. It is said that if wielded by someone skilled in the art of war, it will surpass alchemy in both mind and body and reach the entrance to the martial arts.
大地を統べる母なる神が、圧政に抗う不屈の闘士に与えた巌の拳。地の底でたぎるマグマのエネルギーを宿した拳は、一撃で万物を破壊する。=Iwao's fist was given to the indomitable fighter by the mother god of the earth. The fist, imbued with the energy of magma rising from the depths of the Earth, could destroy anything in a single blow.
大狼の狂爪の欠片から造られたという籠手。圧倒的な力を与える代償に未熟な者が扱えば心身共に蝕まれ、呪いつくされると畏怖されている。=The gauntlet is said to have been made from fragments of the Great Wolf's mad claws. It is feared that in exchange for its overwhelming power, the inexperienced wield it will eat away at the mind and body, and that it will be cursed.
嵐を司る神の力を宿した籠手。暴風を纏う籠手が繰り出す打撃は荒ぶる竜巻の如し。戦いが終わる頃、辺りはただ無人の荒野が広がるのみ。=A gauntlet imbued with the power of the god of storms. The gauntlets wreathed in gale winds strike like a raging tornado. When the battle is over, all that remains is a deserted wasteland.
冥府の氷を精錬して作られた氷爪。この爪甲で切り裂かれた者は瞬く間に凍てつき、物言わぬ氷像として冥府の住人に仲間入りする。=Ice claws made from the ice of the Netherworld. Those cut by these claws and armors will freeze in the blink of an eye and join the denizens of the netherworld as silent ice statues.
魔を宿した真紅の鉤爪。苛烈極まる一撃はあらゆる生者に絶望を与え、対面した敵に絶対なる死を与えるという。=Crimson claws imbued with demonic energy. It is said that a fierce attack will give despair to all living things, and that it will give absolute death to enemies who face it.
神々しいオーラを放つ、月をかたどった格闘武器。月光の輝きを拳に纏い、強烈な一撃を敵に叩き込むことができるという。=A fighting weapon with a divine aura, shaped like the moon. It is said to be capable of striking an enemy with a powerful blow, clad in the glow of moonlight.
死を司る黒翼の霊鳥の魔力を宿した漆黒の魔剣。神をも葬る黒刃から、疾風の如き無慈悲な剣閃が疾走るとき、あらゆる生が冥府へと還る。=A pitch-black magic sword imbued with the magical power of the black-winged spirit bird that rules over death. When a flash of a merciless sword like a gale rushes from the black blade that can bury even God, all life returns to the netherworld.
神々さえ恐れ慄いた獄炎竜の爪で作られた短刀。三爪から生み出される無慈悲な爆炎は、天の頂すら灰に帰す。=A shortsword made from the claws of a Prison Flame Dragon that terrified even the gods. The merciless flames produced from the three claws reduced even the peak of the heavens to ash.
かつて堕天使が身に付けていたとされる短剣。使い手を取り巻く因果を思うが儘に歪め、天地を我が物とするかの如く暴威をふるう。=It was a dagger once worn by fallen angels. It warped the causality surrounding its wielder as it wished, lashing out as if to claim heaven and earth as its own.
雷を支配する神が常に帯刀していた短剣。双極の刃が無尽の稲妻を生み出し、天を覆いつくすほどの雷霆を撃ち放つ。=A dagger worn by the god of thunder. The two-pronged blade creates an inexhaustible bolt of lightning that shoots out lightning powerful enough to cover the heavens.
妖精の王族に代々伝わる懐剣。刃には妖精族秘伝の魔術が刻まれており持ち主から邪なるものを遠ざける力を持つ。=A pocket sword that has been passed down through the fairy royal family for generations. The blade is engraved with the secret magic of the fairy race, and it has the power to keep evil things away from its owner.
火の精霊を宿した短剣。溶岩にも匹敵する灼熱の刀身より繰り出される一撃は、触れた敵を一瞬のうちに溶かしてしまう。=A dagger imbued with a fire spirit. An attack from a scorching blade that rivaled lava could melt any enemy it touched in an instant.
豊饒神の加護を受けたとされるダガー。その鮮やかな刃は大自然のエネルギーを吸収し、鮮烈な斬撃を放つことができるという。=A dagger said to have been blessed by the god of fertility. It is said that its brilliant blade can absorb the energy of Mother Nature and unleash a vivid slash.
荒れ狂う水神を鎮めた巫女が振るいし霊刀。天を泳ぐ神魚の如き美しい刃と、神楽を舞っているかのような剣閃は、神をも魅了するという。=A sacred sword wielded by the shrine maiden who quelled the raging water god. It is said that its beautiful blade, like a divine fish swimming in the heavens, and the flash of a sword, as if dancing a kagura dance, captivate even the gods.
かつて神降ろしの儀式に使われていた祭礼の剣。刃には今も神の光が宿り、一振りであらゆる邪を断ち祓う。=A ceremonial sword that was once used in rituals to bring down gods. Even now, the blade is imbued with the light of the gods, capable of slaying all evil with a single swing.
風神が縦横無尽にふるっていたとされる太刀。刀身に纏う無数の疾風が近づいた敵を触れることなく鋭利に切り刻む。=A longsword said to have been wielded by the Anemo Archon in every direction. Countless gales of wind around its blade cut the approaching enemies to shreds without touching them.
火神の炎を鍛え刃に変えた紅蓮の刀剣。超高熱の刀身はあらゆるものを焼き斬り、炎を解放すれば敵の大軍でさえ一瞬にして灰燼と化す。=A crimson sword that forges the flames of the god of fire and turns them into blades. The superheated blade burns through everything, turning even the enemy's large army to ash in an instant if the flame is released.
常に血を欲している呪われた刀。振るわれるに値しないと刀が判断した使い手は呪い殺され、刀が纏う妖気の一部にされるという。=A cursed katana that always craves blood. It is said that the wielder who is deemed unworthy of being wielded is cursed to death, becoming a part of the unearthly aura of the katana.
天変地異で水没した帝国の魔法剣。刃には国の歴史が刻まれている。水精霊の寵愛を受けた刀身は、流水の如き変幻自在の斬撃を生む。=A magic sword of the Empire submerged in natural disasters. Its blade bears the history of the nation. The blade, favored by the water spirits, gives birth to an immutable slash like running water.
白く輝き、咲き誇る桜の美麗さを備えた刀。柄に付けられた鈴が鳴る間に、花を散らすような軽やかさで、次々と敵を切り刻むことができる。=A katana that shines white and has the beauty of blooming cherry blossoms. While the bell attached to its hilt rings, it can cut enemies one by one with the lightness of scattering flowers.
大地の遣いである神兎の力が宿りし霊剣。その愛らしい刀身から放たれる、兎の群れの如き多重の斬撃は、敵を瞬時に葬り去るという。=A spirit sword imbued with the power of the Divine Rabbit, a servant of the earth. It is said that multiple slashes, like a pack of rabbits, are released from its lovely blade, instantly burying the enemy.
大地を統べる母なる神が、正しき心の戦王に与えし鉱石の剣。地に突き立てれば硬く鋭い鉱柱が地の果てまで屹立し、敵の軍勢を討ち払う。=A sword of ore given to the Warlord of the Right Mind by the Mother God, ruler of the land. When thrust into the ground, hard, sharp ores rise to the ends of the earth, slaying the enemy's forces.
伝説の存在たる光龍の力を宿した大剣。あまりの斬れ味に手にしたものさえ無事ではいられないため黄金の文様を刻みその力を制御している。=A greatsword imbued with the power of the legendary Light Dragon. The blade is so sharp that it can't even cut through what it's holding, so it has a golden pattern carved into it to control its power.
海神の住まう深海の神殿に祀られていた水の神剣。水そのものの刃は千変万化、洪水や大渦、霧など多彩な形態で敵を圧倒する。=A sword of water enshrined in the deep-sea temple where the sea god dwells. The blades of water themselves can overwhelm enemies in a variety of forms, such as a thousand transformations, floods, whirlpools, and mist.
人を斬らずに罪を斬り祓うとされる大剣。この剣で斬られた罪人は傷一つ負わないかわりに、その生涯を贖罪に捧げるようになるという。=A greatsword said to exorcise sins without killing anyone. It is said that in exchange for being cut by this sword, sinners will devote their lives to atonement.
聖域への鍵の役割を果たすとされる、神聖なる大剣。剣が纏う神気により、かざすだけで邪悪な存在はかき消されるという。=A sacred greatsword said to serve as the key to the Sanctuary. It is said that a sword's divine aura drowns out evil beings just by holding them up.
雷神が地上に落とした怒りの雷から生まれた大剣。その一振りは空を裂く稲妻を生み、あらゆる敵を薙ぎ払うことができるという。=A greatsword born from the lightning of anger that the Electro Archon unleashed upon the land. It is said that a single swing can create lightning that cuts through the air, mowing down any and all enemies.
万物を潤す優しき糸雨を封じ込めた耳飾り。優しく降り注ぐその雨は、戦いで傷ついた装備者を絶え間なく癒し続ける。=An earring that sealed away the gentle rain of thread that quenched all things. The rain that poured down gently continued to heal the equipment wounded in the battle without pause.
お菓子の国の伝説の職人が作ったとされるドーナツの首飾り。甘い香りが装備者の集中力を高め、飛躍的に魔法の威力が増すという。=A donut necklace supposedly made by a legendary craftsman from the Land of Sweets. It is said that its sweet scent enhances the wearer's concentration and dramatically increases the power of magic.
光の精霊が盟約の証として授けた金剛石の指輪。尽きぬ輝きは無尽蔵の魔力に由来し、新たな星を作れる程の力を秘めているという。=A diamond ring bestowed by the Spirit of Light as proof of the pact. It is said that its inexhaustible brilliance comes from an inexplicable amount of magical energy, hiding enough power to create a new star.
舞い踊る旋風をその回転のまま封じ込めた耳飾り。常に装備者の周囲に風の防壁を張り巡らせ、剣も魔法もその身には寄せ付けない。=An earring that sealed away the dancing whirlwind as it spun. It always had a wind barrier around its armament, preventing swords and magic from getting close to it.
お菓子の国でも既に製法が失われたというマカロンをあしらったチュロスの首飾り。いかなる衝撃からも装着者を包みこむように守りぬく。=A churro necklace adorned with macarons, said to have already lost its production method in the Land of Sweets. It protects the wearer from any impact.
古き神樹の園の緑葉を象った指輪。常盤の緑葉が如きエメラルドの輝きは身に着けた者へ無窮の旅路を支える幸運と強健の加護を授ける。=A ring shaped like the green leaves of the garden of the ancient sacred tree. The emerald glow of Tokiwa's green leaves gives the wearer the blessing of good fortune and strength to support their journey indefinitely.
万物を枯死させんばかりの炎天を封じ込めた耳飾り。永遠に続く勝利への渇望とひきかえに、全てを打ち滅ぼす力を装備者に与える。=An earring that sealed away the blazing heavens that threatened to kill everything. In exchange for an eternal thirst for victory, it granted the wearer the power to destroy everything.
お菓子の国王家に伝わる宝石の如く輝きを放つポップコーンの首飾り。一粒一粒から放たれる香りが装備者の食欲と闘争本能に火をつける。=A popcorn necklace that shines like a jewel passed down in the royal family of sweets. The fragrance emanating from each grain ignites the wearer's appetite and fighting instincts.
情熱を司るルビーの薔薇が施された指輪。戦神の力を宿しており、万の軍勢を薙ぎ払う絶対的な力と、邪神の恐怖すら振り払う勇気を授ける。=A ring adorned with a ruby rose that governs passion. It is imbued with the power of the War God, granting it the absolute power to mow down an army of ten thousand and the courage to shake off even the fear of the Evil God.
お菓子の国で祭事に用いられる魔法のタルトで作られた帽子。周囲に漂う焼きたての香りが創造力を向上させ、魔力を劇的に高める力を持つ。=A hat made from magical tarts used for rituals in the Land of Sweets. The aroma of freshly baked food wafting around it enhances creativity and dramatically enhances one's magical power.
常春の妖精郷に咲くという散らぬ桜の花弁を編み込んだ、鍔広帽。装備者に妖精王の加護を与え目にも留まらぬ一撃を見舞う。=A wide-brimmed cap woven from the petals of the undisturbed cherry blossoms said to bloom in the fairy land of eternal spring. It bestows the protection of the Fairy King upon its armament, delivering blows beyond the eye.
悠久の時を超えてもなお枯れぬ桜の木より作られたサンダル。大地と装備者を魔法的に繋ぐことでその生命力を飛躍的に高める。=Sandals made from cherry trees that never wither even after eternity. By magically connecting the earth to the armament, they increase its vitality dramatically.
妖精が女神のためにあつらえたといわれる靴。月の光を浴び続け自ら光を放つようになった水晶を素材とし光と共に踊るように災厄をかわす。=A pair of shoes that are said to have been made by fairies for the sake of the Goddess. They are made from crystals that have been bathed in the light of the moon and have been able to emit their own light, and they dodge calamities as if dancing with the light.
お菓子の国に伝わる永遠に溶けない氷を素材に作られた靴。青みを帯びた特有の色合いは見る者を惑わせ、神すら魅了する力があるという。=A pair of shoes made from eternally-melting ice passed down in the Land of Sweets. They are said to have the power to confuse anyone who sees them and captivate even the gods.
巨大なアイオライトの結晶から作られた円盾。その硬度は物理的なものから魔法的なものまであらゆる苦境から装備者を護る。=A round shield made from giant iolite crystals. Its hardness protects the wearer from all kinds of hardships, from physical to magical.
冬に咲く伝説の桜の花弁を刺繍した特別なローブ。ローブ全体に花弁でできた魔法陣が配され、装備者に尽きぬ魔力を与えるという。=A special robe embroidered with the petals of a legendary cherry blossom that blooms in winter. It is said that the entire robe is adorned with a magic circle made of flower petals, granting the wearer an endless supply of magical energy.
お菓子の国で神事に用いられる、巨大なパンケーキの法衣。魔法のバターが発する優しい香りは魔除けの効果があり、装備者を厄災から護る。=A gargantuan pancake robe used in Shinto rituals in the land of sweets. The gentle scent emitted by magical butter has the effect of warding off evil and protects the wearer from calamity.
月明かりすら届かぬ地の奥から掘り出された黒瑪瑙をちりばめた黒衣。煌きの代わりに振りまかれる漆黒はあらゆる危難から纏う者を隠す。=A black coat covered in black agate that was dug out from deep within a land where not even the moonlight could reach. The pitch-black that was swung instead of glittering hid those wrapped in danger.
春の神々に感謝の踊りを奉納する際に踊り子たちが着ていた神聖な衣。散りばめられた桜の花弁の装飾が、装備者の身体能力を引き上げる。=The sacred robe worn by the dancers during the Dance of Appreciate the Spring Gods. The scattered petals of cherry blossoms enhance the wearer's physical abilities.
お菓子の国秘伝の守護魔法を込めたマカロンで作られたドレス。一粒ずつ異なる魔力が込められており、あらゆる攻撃を防ぐことができる。=A dress made from macarons imbued with the secret guardian magic of the Nation of Sweets. Each one is imbuing with a different kind of magic, capable of blocking all attacks.
果てなる海より稀に漂着する僅かな珊瑚片を丹念に集め織り込んだドレス。海神の愛したその鮮やかな色は纏う者を万難から遠ざけるという。=A dress made by diligently weaving together bits of coral that are rarer to drift ashore than the endless sea. It is said that the vivid colors of the sea god's love will keep those who wear it away from all danger.
春の息吹を封じた特殊な板金で作られた大鎧。刻まれた桜の文様が身代わりとなり散ることで与えられた傷を無効化するという。=A large armor made from a special sheet metal that seals off the breath of spring. It is said to nullify any wounds inflicted by the sakura pattern carved into it by dispersing it as a substitute.
お菓子の国随一の騎士が纏っていた魔法の苺が散りばめられた鎧。気高い芳香は、装備者のみならずその周囲の者まで戦意を昂揚させる。=The armor was scattered with magic strawberries that the greatest knight in the land of sweets had been wearing. The noble fragrance of the armor heightened not only the armaments, but those around them as well.
精緻な細工が施された黄金の重鎧。板金を彩る聖なる文様は立体の魔法陣を構築しており装備者は重さを感じず守護の恩恵を得られる。=Gold heavy armor crafted with fine craftsmanship. The holy pattern adorning the sheet metal forms a three-dimensional magic circle, allowing the wearer to receive the blessings of the guardians without feeling its weight.
最高級の漆板に桜花の螺鈿を施した東方の鎧。秘伝とされる製法により堅牢さと優美な姿を併せ持ち、装備者の戦闘中の動きを助けるという。=An Eastern-style armor made with the finest lacquer plates and Ouka mother-of-pearl inlay. It is said to be a secret technique that allows it to be both sturdy and elegant, helping the wearer to move during battle.
お菓子の国の最先端技術を結集して編まれたチョコの鎧。ダイヤモンドより硬いといわれる伝説のチョコを幾重にも重ねて作られている。=Chocolate armor woven from the cutting-edge technology of the Land of Sweets. It is said to be tougher than diamonds, and it is made from layers of legendary chocolate.
極めて純度の高い白金を聖火と霊峰の清水で鍛えた礼装甲冑。繋ぎ合わされた白金片は白竜の鱗の如き煌きを放ち纏う者を守護している。=A ceremonial armor forged from pure platinum forged from holy fire and sacred water. The connected platinum pieces protect those who shine like white dragon scales.
悠久の時を舞い続け巨大な結晶と化した雪華を核とした魔法杖。杖に籠められた不変の加護が、装備者に永久凍土の如き頑健さを与える。=A magic wand with Yukika at its core, transformed into a giant crystal after dancing through eternity. The unchanging divine protection contained within the wand gives its wearer the strength of a permafrost.
お菓子の国で開発された３段重ねのアイスクリームの杖。３つのアイスの玉それぞれに究極の癒しの力を秘めているという。=A three-tiered ice cream cane developed in the Land of Sweets. It is said that each of the three balls contains the ultimate healing power.
天上の白き女神が生命の始まりを祝福して授けたとされる杖。宝珠に満ちる聖光は万病を癒し、悪鬼邪神の呪いすら打ち払うとされる。=A staff bestowed by the white goddess of the heavens to bless the beginning of life. It is said that the sacred light, filled with orbs, can cure all diseases and even ward off the curse of the evil and evil gods.
闇深き夜に浮かぶ仄暗き月影を写しとり造られた魔法杖。掲げられた弧月は現世と異界を繋げる裂け目となり、装備者に闇の魔力を与える。=A magic wand made by copying the faint shadow of the moon floating in the dark night. The raised arc moon becomes a rift connecting the real world to the other world, granting the wearer the magical power of darkness.
お菓子の国で禁忌とされたペロペロキャンディーの魔法杖。渦巻き文様に練りこまれた魔力により使用者の魔法の威力を爆発的に高める。=A magic wand made from peropero candy, considered taboo in the Land of Sweets. It uses magical energy kneaded into a swirling pattern to increase the power of the user's magic explosively.
冥府の黒き女王が死者の霊魂を導くために用いたとされる杖。黒き宝珠から吹き荒れる冥界の風は禁呪や神の奇跡でさえも等しく虚無へ帰す。=A wand said to have been used by the Black Queen of the Netherworld to guide the souls of the dead. The winds of the netherworld blowing from the Black Orb bring forbidden spells and even the miracles of God back to nothingness.
極域の夜を彩るオーロラ一枚一枚を束ね編み込みこんだ斧。放つ輝きが装備者に活力を与え、その潜在能力を限界まで発揮させる。=An axe woven out of a bundle of auroras that adorned the polar night sky. Its glow gave the wearer energy, and its latent potential was at its limit.
お菓子の国一番の戦士が使っていた具沢山なクレープの斧。多彩な食感の如き複雑な形状の刃は絶大な破壊力を誇る。=A crepe axe full of ingredients used by the greatest warrior in the land of sweets. It has a complex shape, like a wide variety of textures, and boasts tremendous destructive power.
英雄譚に名を刻む豪胆な戦神が生涯の相棒とした大戦斧。黄金に似て非なる雷光の輝きは、畏怖の象徴として戦場にその名を轟かせたという。=A great battle-axe carved into heroic tales by a heroic war god who spent his entire life as his partner. It is said that the brilliance of the lightning, which resembled gold, made its name known across the battlefield as a symbol of awe.
天を駆け地を穿つ雷を宿した剛槍。膨大な力を宿すため、装備者を選ぶもののそこから放たれる一撃は比類なき破壊力を誇る。=A strong spear imbued with lightning that pierces the heavens and earth. Though it chooses its armaments to imbue them with vast power, the blows it unleashes boast unparalleled destructive power.
お菓子の国で発見されたというチョコレートパラソルを巨大化させた大槍。計算され尽くした重心バランスにより性能は高い。=A giant spear made of chocolate parasols said to have been discovered in the Land of Sweets. Its performance is high due to the calculated balance of its center of gravity.
神の力が結晶化した水晶の槍。神聖なる力を宿しており、聖光を放つ一撃は不死の王をも消滅させたことから、浄化を司る槍とも呼ばれる。=A crystal spear crystallized by the power of the gods. It is imbued with holy power, and a strike that emits holy light can annihilate even the Undying King, so it is also known as the Spear of Purification.
風に吹かれ刺すように降り注ぐ飛雨を束ね造られた弓。一矢放つごとにとめどなく降り注ぎ装備者を護ると同時に敵の動きを抑え急所を貫く。=A bow made of bundles of rain falling as if blown by the wind. With each arrow, it pours down endlessly, protecting the wearer and suppressing the enemy's movements and piercing their vitals.
お菓子の国で作られたカラフルに透き通った飴細工の弓。矢を放つ度に長きにわたり素材に蓄積された甘き香りが周囲を包みこむ。=A colorful, transparent, candy-crafted bow made in the Land of Sweets. With each arrow fired, the sweet scent that had accumulated in the materials engulfed the area.
神が人に授けた霊石、サファイアで作られし神弓。慈愛を司るとされ、放たれる蒼き輝きを纏いし矢は人々を邪へと堕とす魔神をも退ける。=A sacred stone granted to man by the gods, a divine bow made of sapphire. It is said to be the ruler of affection, and the arrow, clad in a blue glow, repels even the gods that bring people down to evil.
壁の如く天を覆う砂塵を凝縮させた手甲。装備者に巨岩の堅固さと空を舞う身軽さを与え、万の軍勢と対峙してもその身が果てる事はない。=A hand armor made of concentrated dust that covers the heavens like a wall. It gives the wearer the firmness of a giant boulder and the ease with which it soars through the sky. Faced with an army of ten thousand, its body will never end.
お菓子の国の伝説の拳豪が愛用したシュークリームの拳甲。装備者への衝撃を柔らかく包みつつその反動全てを相手へと叩きこむ。=A cream puff punch favored by the legendary Kengo of the Land of Sweets. It softly envelops the impact on the wearer as it strikes its opponent with all of its recoil.
神の力を宿すという宝石、希望を司るオパールがあしらわれた拳具。希望の光を放つ拳は、あらゆる魔を葬り、人々を絶望から救うという。=The jewel said to be imbued with the power of God, the fist with the opal that governs hope. The fist that emits the light of hope is said to bury all evil and save people from despair.
全てを惑わす深い霧を禁忌の呪法で留めた短剣。刀身を振ると滲み出る煙霧が装備者の姿を隠し、敵対者を幻惑させる。=A dagger that uses a taboo spell to keep the thick fog that confuses everything in its path. When you swing your blade, the mist seeping out hides your armament and confuses your enemies.
チョコバナナでできたお菓子の国秘伝の短刀。固まったチョコの表面の堅牢さとバナナの粘る刀身が無限の切れ味を生み出す。=A secret shortsword made from chocolate bananas. The solid surface of the hardened chocolate and the stickiness of the banana give rise to an infinite sharpness.
風を司る妖精王の力を宿した翠玉の宝石剣。風の妖精たちを従えられる権能を持ち、彼らが巻き起こす疾風はあらゆる邪悪を吹き飛ばす。=A jade gem sword imbued with the power of the Fairy King, ruler of the wind. It has the power to command the Fairies of the Wind, and the gale they create blows away all evil.
穏やかながらも雄大に森を渡る風を宿した刀。風に舞う花弁の如く涼やかに流れる太刀筋で何物にも防がれることなく急所を突く。=A sword that is calm yet majestically imbued with the wind that blows across the forest. It strikes a vital point with a sword that flows coolly like flower petals dancing in the wind, without being blocked by anything.
ソフトクリームの刀身を持つお菓子の国伝来の刀。滑らかで自然な湾曲により、変幻自在の刀捌きを可能としている。=A Japanese-style katana with a soft-serve ice cream blade. Its smooth, natural curve makes it possible to wield a sword at will.
紅玉の結晶を研ぎ作られた魔性を宿す妖刀。赤い三日月状の刀身は血に飢えており、生命を持つ全ての生物を斬り裂く抜群の切れ味を誇る。=An enchanted sword imbued with demonic energy forged from crystallized crimson gemstones. Its red crescent blade is bloodthirsty, boasting an outstanding sharpness that can cut through any living creature with life.
陽炎を生むほどの太陽光を宿し剣。その内に秘めたる膨大な魔力が装備者の膂力を極限まで高め敵対する者全てを焼き尽くす。=A sword imbued with enough sunlight to create a heat haze. The vast magical energy hidden within it boosted the armament's ⁇ power to the limit, burning away anyone who opposed it.
お菓子の国に伝わる由緒正しきチョコの宝剣。スイートな見た目に反して鋭い切れ味を誇り、冒険者たちにとって垂涎の一品。=A treasured sword of chocolate passed down through the generations in the Land of Sweets. Contrary to its sweet appearance, it boasted a sharp sharpness and was a dish of drool for adventurers.
原初の金剛石を削り鍛えられたと伝説に伝わる宝石剣。幾星霜の時を経ても変わらぬ光を放ち続け、永世折れずにその輝きで魔を祓う。=Legend has it that Primogenitor Diamonds have been carved and tempered. A jeweled sword that shines with the same light as ever over the years of frost, and exorcises evil with its brilliance without ever breaking.
苛烈な戦場を知略で支配した魔法使いの魂が宿る腕輪。宝石には限界まで魔力が貯め込まれ装備者の魔法に絶大な破壊力を与える。=A bracelet imbued with the soul of a magician who wielded intellect over a harsh battlefield. The jewels could store as much mana as they could, granting the wearer's magic immense destructive power.
ゆらめく輝きを纏った二枚貝を集め編み込んだ髪飾り。大海の魔力を蓄えた貝殻は装備者に尽きぬ魔力と共に強固な魔力障壁の加護を与える。=A hair ornament woven from a collection of bivalves wrapped in a flickering radiance. The shell, which stores the magical energy of the great ocean, provides its wearer with the protection of a strong magical barrier along with an endless supply of magical energy.
佳麗に咲き誇る枝垂れ桜に集う地脈の力ごと封じ込めた簪。揺れるたびに舞い踊る花弁が装備者に大自然の大いなる魔力の加護を与える。=A hairpin sealed away along with the power of the ley line gathering in the beautifully blooming branched cherry tree. Each time it shakes, the dancing petals grant the wearer the divine protection of Mother Nature's great magical power.
苛烈な戦場を強固な守りで支えた騎士の魂が宿る腕輪。目に見えない程細かく刻まれた不壊の魔紋があらゆる攻撃から装備者を守る。=A bracelet imbued with the soul of a knight who supported a harsh battlefield with a strong defense. Its indestructible demon crest, carved so finely that it was invisible, protected the wearer from any and all attacks.
大海に抱かれた大真珠の輝きを放ち生命力を保ち続ける椰子の実を集め作られた髪飾り。実を守る殻の加護があらゆる攻撃から装備者を守る。=A hair ornament made by collecting palm trees that shine with the brilliance of pearls held in the ocean and retain their vitality. The protection of the shell protecting the fruit protects the wearer from all attacks.
夜に静謐に咲く桜の枝に降り注ぐ月光の力を封じ込めた簪。月の魔力と桜の生命力が相互に高めあい装備者に無限の生命力を与える。=A hairpin that seals away the moonlight that falls on the branches of the cherry blossoms that bloom peacefully at night. The magical energy of the moon and the life force of the sakura trees enhance each other, granting the wearer infinite life force.
苛烈な戦場を強大な力で席巻した戦士の魂が宿る腕輪。鋭い棘の装飾が放つ暴威が、装備者に背水の気迫と共に爆発的な攻撃力を与える。=A bracelet imbued with the soul of a warrior who has conquered a harsh battlefield with immense power. The tyranny of the sharp thorn ornaments gives the wearer an explosive attack power along with the spirit of the backwater.
南国に咲く生命力溢れるハイビスカスの花を植え付けた髪飾り。真紅に煌めく花弁に満ちた陽光の加護が、装備者に膨大な活力を与えている。=A hair ornament imbued with the lifeblood of a hibiscus flower that blooms in the southern lands. The sunlight's protection, filled with crimson petals, gives the wearer tremendous vitality.
絢爛に咲き誇る八重桜の枝の生命力をそのまま封じ込めた簪。常に満開の精気は装備者に、いついかなる時でも最高の力を発揮させる。=A hairpin that seals away the life force of the brilliantly blooming Yaezakura branches. A hairbreadth in full bloom always gives the wearer the greatest power at any given moment.
ふわふわと舞う綿雪を彷彿とさせる帽子。氷の結晶の加護が付与されており、装備者は極寒の中でも動き続けられる無限の活力を得るという。=A hat reminiscent of fluttering cotton snow. It is blessed with the protection of ice crystals, and it is said that the wearer gains infinite vitality that allows them to keep moving even in the frigidest conditions.
数多の戦場を駆けた歴戦の勇士が身に着けていた戦帽。宿りし孤高の精神が装備者の精神を高揚させ、飽くなき闘争心と絶大な腕力を与える。=A battle cap worn by veteran warriors who have raced through countless battlefields. The aloof spirit that dwells within it lifts the spirits of those equipped with it, granting them an insatiable fighting spirit and tremendous strength.
真夏の太陽の力を存分に蓄えた大輪の向日葵を大胆にあしらった麦わら帽子。堅固な守りだけではなく攻めにおいても格別の加護を得られる。=A straw hat boldly adorned with a large ring of sunflowers, which store the power of the midsummer sun to its heart's content. It can receive exceptional protection not only in solid defense but also in offense.
極寒の氷海で育つという特殊な珊瑚で作られた靴。各所にあしらわれた雪の結晶の護符が装備者の動きを補助し体力の消耗を抑えてくれる。=A pair of shoes made of special coral said to grow in a frigid sea of ice. Snowflake talismans adorned with them help the wearer move, reducing their stamina.
数多の戦場を駆けた歴戦の勇士が履いていた靴。幾重もの革帯で装備者を包み、どんな強敵と対峙しても決して折れない反骨心を与える。=A pair of shoes worn by veteran warriors who had raced across countless battlefields. They wrapped themselves in layers of leather belts, granting them a rebellious heart that would never break no matter what kind of formidable foe they faced.
溢れんばかりの真夏の活力を宿したビーチサンダル。ハイビスカスの装飾は生花のまま咲き誇り、装備者に無限の生命力を与えている。=A pair of beach sandals imbued with the energy of midsummer. The hibiscus ornaments are still in bloom, giving the wearer infinite life force.
凍てつく月夜の空気を織り込んだ呪法衣。金剛石と同硬度の氷の小結晶が立体的な天然魔法陣を形成し装備者を守護しつつ魔力を増幅させる。=A spell robe woven from the freezing moonlit air. Small crystals of ice, the same hardness as Vajra stones, form a three-dimensional natural magic circle that amplifies the wearer's magical energy while protecting them.
古の戦場で伝説となった若き女宮廷魔導士がまとっていたドレス。精緻な縫製技術により魔力効率と可憐さを見事なレベルで両立している。=The dress worn by the young court Sorcerer, who became a legend on the ancient battlefield. Her exquisite sewing techniques allow her to balance her magical efficiency with her cuteness at an impressive level.
夏風に舞う日傘のように宙に浮くことができる魔法のワンピース。詠唱を妨げない適切な速度の浮遊能力で敵の死角から必殺の一撃を放つ。=A magic one-piece dress that can float in the air like a parasol in the summer breeze. It uses its ability to float at an appropriate speed to launch a lethal attack from an enemy's blind spot without interrupting its chant.
極点の夜に咲き誇るオーロラの微光を封じ込めた糸で編まれたドレス。揺れ動くたびに零れ出る暖かな光が魔力の層を形成し装備者を守る。=A dress woven from threads that contain the faint light of the aurora blooming at the polar night. Warm light spills out every time it shakes, forming a layer of magical energy to protect the wearer.
古の戦場で常に最前線に立ち続けた女戦士がまとっていた戦衣。宿りし叛逆心が、装備者にあらゆる逆境をはね除ける圧倒的な武力を与える。=A battle robe worn by a female warrior who has always stood on the front lines on ancient battlefields. Her indignant insurrection gives the armament an overwhelming military force that repels all adversity.
盛夏の煌めく記憶を象徴する朝顔の柄を織り込んだ特別な浴衣。装備者の心身を郷愁と共に、思い出の中にある夏の最高の状態へと導く。=A special yukata woven from the pattern of the morning glory that symbolizes the glittering memories of midsummer. It brings the wearer's mind and body to the greatest state of summer in their memories, along with nostalgia.
極点の大氷原で稀に発見される水晶板を贅沢に使用した鎧。絶対零度で形成された水晶は熱や衝撃を拒絶し装備者に不壊不動の加護を与える。=An armor made with luxurious crystal plates that are rare to find in the polar ice fields. Crystals formed at absolute zero reject heat and shock, granting the wearer immovable protection.
古の戦場で主君を守り続けた女騎士がまとっていた鎧。鎧内に宿りし忠義心が装備者に鋼鉄の如き頑健さと決して倒れぬ不屈の心を与える。=A suit of armor worn by a female knight who protected her master on an ancient battlefield. The loyalty residing within the armor gives the wearer the strength of steel and an indomitable heart that will never fall.
水辺の安全を護る浮輪を、特殊な魔法で強化して組み込んだ巨大な鎧。剛性と弾性を両立し圧倒的な衝撃吸収能力で絶対の防御力を誇る。=An enormous suit of armor that uses special magic to strengthen the floats that protect the safety of the water's edge. It combines stiffness and elasticity, and boasts absolute defense with its overwhelming shock absorption ability.
原初の粉雪が積もり、硬結晶化した雪を丹念に磨き上げた鎧。神水の如き、清涼なる雪の結晶は金属以上の硬度と軽さで装備者を守る。=A suit of armor made from primordial powdery snow that has been carefully polished from hardened snow. Clear snowflakes, like divine water, protect the wearer with hardness and lightness greater than metal.
古の戦場で剣を振るい続けた王女がまとっていたとされる、戦ドレス。荘厳な気品が装備者を加護し、いかなる敵をも打ち伏せる力を与える。=A battle dress said to have been worn by a princess who had continued to wield her sword on ancient battlefields. Her majestic elegance protected her armaments, granting her the power to strike down any enemy.
水辺での敏捷性を生かした軽装鎧。見た目よりもはるかに戦闘向きで、その大胆なデザインと迅速な動きが相まって致命の一撃を連発する。=Light armor that makes use of its agility at the water's edge. It's far more combat-oriented than it looks, and combined with its bold design and swift movements, it unleashes a barrage of lethal blows.
古の戦場において支配者と呼ばれた女帝が持っていた杖。杖の持つ加護が装備者の胆力を高め、いかなる窮地でも泰然自若に振舞えるという。=A staff wielded by the Empress, known as the ruler of ancient battlefields. It is said that the divine protection of the staff increases the courage of the wearer, allowing them to act calm and young in any predicament.
海中を優雅にたゆたうクラゲを象った杖。幾重にも折り重なる透明な襞が装備者の周りに展開され、その身に神秘の生命力を与えるという。=A staff shaped like a jellyfish swaying gracefully in the ocean. It is said that layers of transparent folds unfold around the wearer, granting them mysterious life force.
一年を通して散ることのない特殊な桜を用いた聖なる杖。魔法儀式により傷つけることなく採取された枝の生命力が装備者を守護する。=A holy wand made from a special cherry tree that will not scatter throughout the year. The life force of the branches harvested from the ritual will protect the wearer.
古の戦場において破壊者として忌み嫌われた魔術師の杖。内部に封印された膨大な魔力は一度解放されれば戦場の全てを飲み込んでしまう。=A sorcerer's staff that was detested as a destroyer in ancient battlefields. Once sealed inside, the vast amount of magical energy consumed the entire battlefield.
海底で静かに佇む巻貝を象った杖。深海に蓄積された水の魔力をその内に蓄えており、装備者の放つ魔力の質と量を底上げさせるという。=A staff shaped like a snail standing quietly at the bottom of the sea. It is said to store the magical energy of water stored deep within it, increasing the quality and quantity of mana emitted by its wearer.
万の樹から一つしか見つからない、魔力を宿した特別な桜を核として作られた杖。装備者の魔法を研ぎ澄まされた一撃へと変えるという。=A staff made from a special cherry tree imbued with magical energy that can only be found in one of the ten thousand trees. It is said to turn the equipmenter’s magic into a finely honed blow.
古の戦場で常に最前線を駆けていた戦士が担いでいた斧。楽器を模した形状であり、一振りごとに鳴り響く轟音が装備者の心身を鼓舞する。=An axe carried by warriors who had always been on the front lines on ancient battlefields. It was shaped like an instrument, and the roaring sound of each swing encouraged the wearer's mind and body.
大海原を自在に泳ぎ回る鯨が潮を吹く姿を象った斧。吹き上がる水の刃は装備者に大海を泳ぎ切る驚異の生命力と絶大な腕力を与える。=An axe shaped like a whale squirting freely across the vast ocean. The blade of water that blows up gives its wearer incredible vitality and brute strength to swim across the ocean.
大英傑と称された人物が用いた伝説の斧。この斧に切り倒された桜の精があまりの切れ味に感心し罰ではなく祝福を与えたと伝えられている。=A legendary axe wielded by a man known as the Great Hero. It is said that Sakura's spirit, cut down by this ax, was impressed by its sharpness and granted blessings rather than punishment.
古の戦場で不死身と噂された戦士が常に装備していた槍。槍頭の飾具から魔力が滾り、装備者の全身を包みこむことでその身を護るという。=A spear that was always equipped by warriors rumored to be immortal on ancient battlefields. It is said that magic seethes from the spearhead ornaments, enveloping the entire body of the wearer to protect them.
鋭さと堅牢さを併せ持った蟹の鋏を象った槍。強靭さもさることながら二股に分かれた特殊な形状で相手の攻撃を絡めとり鉄壁の防御を誇る。=A spear shaped like the shears of a crab with both sharpness and solidity. It's not only tough, but also has a special shape that splits into two legs, entangling the opponent's attacks and boasting an iron-wall defense.
古の戦場で剛腕と恐れられた弓手が使い熟していた強弓。常人では引くこともままならぬ弦から放たれる剛矢は必ず獲物の急所を一撃で貫く。=A strong bow that was well-practiced by archers feared for their strong arms on ancient battlefields. A strong arrow fired from a string that no normal person could pull off would surely pierce their prey's vitals with a single blow.
桜の花を散らす風を舞い散る花びらごと封じ込めた槍。常に装備者の周囲を舞う花びらが魔法的な防壁となり悪意ある魔法を防ぐという。=A spear sealed away along with the scattering wind of cherry blossoms. It is said that the petals that dance around the wearer at all times form a magical bulwark to block malicious magic.
常夏の海に群れで暮らすクマノミを象った弓。装備者は地形を活かした神出鬼没の矢捌きで身を隠しながら敵の不意を撃つという。=A bow shaped like a clownfish that lives in a herd in the eternal summer sea. It is said that its armaments use the terrain to conceal themselves while shooting at the enemy by surprise.
海中を遊泳するウミガメの甲羅を象った手甲。エメラルドの如く澄んだ輝きを誇り、その圧倒的な硬度でいかなる対象をも粉砕する。=A hand armor shaped like the shell of a sea turtle swimming underwater. It boasted a shine as clear as an emerald, and its overwhelming hardness could pulverize any target.
樹齢千年を超える伝説の桜の古木を稀代の名工が一刀彫で作った手甲。静かに満ちる古木の生命力が必殺の一撃を生む。=A handcuff made by a rare master craftsman from a thousand-year-old legendary cherry tree carved with a single sword. The quiet life force of the ancient tree gives birth to a fatal blow.
秘境に咲く桜の古木の枝から作られた弓。自然に形作られた湾曲のみで作られており、装備者は自然と一体化し様々な加護を得るという。=A bow made from the branches of an old cherry blossom tree that blooms in the Domain. It is made only of natural curves, and it is said that the armaments become one with nature and receive various blessings.
古の戦場で大暴れしたという獣人の戦士が愛用した拳具。肉弾戦に特化した形状により猫のようなしなやかさと肉食獣の如き剛力を発揮する。=A fist tool favored by beastmen warriors who are said to have wreaked havoc on ancient battlefields. Its shape, specialized for flesh-and-blood combat, gives it the suppleness of a cat and the strength of a predator.
古の戦場で最速と呼ばれた戦士が巧みに扱った短剣。刃に迸る雷により切れ味が大幅に強化されており一閃で敵を断ち切る威力を誇る。=A dagger skillfully wielded by the warrior known as the fastest on the ancient battlefield. Its sharpness is greatly enhanced by the lightning surging through its blade, boasting the power to sever enemies with a single flash.
血に飢えた大海の狩人であるサメの牙を象った短剣。一度、食い込めば決して抜けることがないといわれる刃が、獲物を着実に追い詰める。=A dagger shaped like the fangs of a shark, a hunter of the bloodthirsty great sea. It is said that once it digs in, it will never come out, but it steadily hunts down its prey.
儚く散る間際の桜の花弁を、秘法で刀身にとどめ、鋭い刃とした短刀。その切っ先はどこまでも薄く、あらゆる隙間を切り裂く。=Sakura's petals, on the verge of fainting, remain on the blade with a secret technique, a sharp bladed shortsword. Its tip is endlessly thin, cutting through every opening.
古の戦場で万夫に名の知れた狂剣士が振るっていた刀。刀身とともに暴れまわる鎖が斬撃の痛みを倍増させ幾多の苦しみを敵に刻みこむ。=A sword wielded by a mad swordsman well known by Kazuo on the ancient battlefield. The chains that raged with the blade doubled the pain of the slash, carving countless pains into the enemy.
海のギャングと呼ばれるシャチの鋭い背ビレを象った太刀。その太刀筋は海面を泳ぎ回るシャチのように縦横無尽に敵を切り裂くという。=A longsword shaped like the sharp dorsal fin of a killer whale known as the gangster of the sea. It is said to cut through enemies in every direction, like a killer hornet swimming on the surface of the water.
宵闇の精霊に捧げられたという特殊な桜の花びらを刃に散りばめた刀。光を吸収する刀身が、斬撃の軌道を覆い隠し必殺の一撃を見舞う。=A katana with special cherry blossom petals scattered across its blade, said to have been dedicated to the spirits of the night. The blade, which absorbed light, covered the path of the slash and delivered a fatal blow.
古の戦場で連戦戦勝を誇った戦士が携えていた剣。乱戦を戦い抜くため切れ味よりも打撃力に特化した暴虐の剛剣はいかなる敵も吹き飛ばす。=A sword wielded by warriors who have won consecutive battles on ancient battlefields. It is a tyrannical sword that specializes in striking power rather than sharpness in order to fight through melee combat. It can blow away any enemy.
氷海の天使と呼ばれるクリオネを鍔に象った大剣。氷冷の海原を舞う翼の加護が、装備者に過酷な環境にも負けぬ生命力を与える。=A greatsword shaped like a clione guard, known as the Angel of the Ice Sea. The protection of its wings as it dances across the icy-cold sea provides its wearer with life force that can withstand even the harshest conditions.
春の息吹が込められた特殊な鉱石で錬成された大剣。桜の文様が装備者の生命力を活性化させ、あらゆる物を両断する力を与える。=A greatsword transmuted from a special ore imbued with the breath of spring. The sakura pattern activates the life force of the wearer, granting them the power to cleave anything in two.
ある帝国の神話に魅入られた職人が神器を再現すべく作成した蒼薔薇のペンダント。怜悧な青き花が装備者の魔法の才を強制的に開花させる。=A blue rose pendant created by a craftsman enchanted with the myths of an empire in order to reproduce the Sacred Treasures. A clever blue flower forcibly brings the wielder's magical talents to fruition.
砂漠の遺都で発見された清凛たる腕輪。失われた技術で作られており涼やかな霊水の加護がいかなる環境下でも安定した魔力を供給する。=A pure bracelet found in the desert city. Made with lost technology, it provides a steady supply of magical energy under any environment thanks to the protection of cool sacred water.
楽神の啓示を受け作られた超小型の譜面帖。天上の神々の音曲が記されており装備者に溢れんばかりの霊感と尽きることのない魔力を与える。=An ultra-small notation book created by the revelation of a music god. It contains the notes of the gods in the heavens, granting the wearer an overflowing spiritual sense and an endless supply of magical energy.
万年に一度、花咲くといわれる氷華の花を元に作成された指輪。特殊な結晶配列により繊細な扱いを要するが装備者の魔力を極限まで高める。=A ring made once every ten thousand years based on an ice flower said to bloom. It requires delicate handling due to its special arrangement of crystals, but it enhances the wearer's magical energy to the limit.
ある帝国の神話に魅入られた職人が神器を再現すべく作成した翠薔薇のペンダント。壮麗な緑の花が装備者の生命力を育み、その身を護る。=A pendant made by a craftsman enthralled by the myths of an empire to recreate a sacred relic. The magnificent green flowers nurture the life force of the wearer, protecting them.
砂漠の遺都で発見された荘厳なる腕輪。失われた技術で作られておりかつて大地を覆っていた雄大な緑の生命力を今なお装備者に与える。=A majestic bracelet discovered in the desert city. Made with lost technology, it still gives the wearer the magnificent green life force that once covered the land.
楽神の啓示を受け作られた金属製の小さな太鼓の耳飾り。絶えず鳴り続ける太鼓の音色が装備者を鼓舞し、強き生命力と不壊の加護を与える。=The earring of a small, metallic drum created by the revelation of the god of music. The ever-ringing sound of the drum encourages the wearer, granting them strong vitality and indestructible protection.
極点の夜空を彩るオーロラの淡光を結晶化させた指輪。大自然の雄威は装備者の生命力を高め如何なる天災からも生還させると言われている。=A ring that crystallizes the faint light of the aurora that adorns the polar night sky. It is said that the majesty of Mother Nature enhances the life force of the wearer and brings them back alive from any natural disaster.
ある帝国の神話に魅入られた職人が神器を再現すべく作成した紅薔薇のペンダント。情熱の赤き花が装備者の胸に尽きない闘争心を咲かせる。=A crimson rose pendant created by a craftsman enchanted by the myths of a certain empire to reproduce the sacred relic. The red flower of passion blooms in the hearts of its armaments with an endless fighting spirit.
砂漠の遺都で発見された峻烈たる腕輪。失われた技術で作られており砂漠を灼く烈日の加護が装備者の生存本能と闘争心を掻き立てる。=A fierce bracelet discovered in the desert city. Made with lost technology, it burns the desert with the divine protection of the sun, stirring the wearer's survival instincts and fighting spirit.
楽神の啓示を受け作られた木製の耳飾り。装備者の動きに合わせて鳴り響く木の音色が、内なる野生を呼び覚まし闘争本能を高めるという。=A wooden earring created by the divine revelation of a music god. It is said that the sound of the wood ringing in time with the movements of its wearer awakens the inner wild and heightens its fighting instincts.
大雪原の最奥に佇む氷狼の顎と呼ばれる大洞窟の入り口にできた氷柱から生成された指輪。猛々しい狼の如き攻撃衝動を呼び覚ます。=A ring created from icicles formed at the entrance to the Great Cavern known as the jaws of the Frost Wolf, standing at the far end of the great snowfield. It awakens the fierce urge to attack like a wolf.
魔界と呼ばれる別世界から漂着した帽子。こちらの世界で未発見の術式が組み込まれており装備者の魔力を限界を超えるまで高めてしまう。=A hat that drifted ashore from another world known as the Demon Realm. It was imbued with an undiscovered spell in this world, boosting the wearer's magical energy to its limit.
ある帝国の神話に魅入られた職人が神器を再現すべく作成した魔装の帽子。波打つ花弁の如きブリムが装備者を護り集中力を研ぎ澄ます。=A magic hat created by a craftsman enchanted by the myths of an empire to recreate the sacred treasures. Brim, like a rippling flower petal, protects the wearer and sharpens her concentration.
数百年に渡り受け継がれ奏でられ続けたタンバリンから作られた帽子。叩かれる度に防御力と共に装着者のボルテージと魔力も高まってゆく。=A hat made from tambourine that has been passed down for hundreds of years. Each time it's struck, the wearer's voltage and magical energy increase along with their defense.
魔界と呼ばれる別世界から漂着した額冠。こちらの世界では存在しない生物の素材を使用しており装備者は内なる獣性を引き出されてしまう。=A crown that drifts ashore from another world known as the Demon Realm. It uses materials from creatures that don't exist in this world, so the wearer can draw out their inner beastliness.
砂漠の遺都で発見された幻の巻布。失われた技術で作られており大気中に漂う自然のエネルギーを集積し、装備者の生命力へと変換する。=An illusory scroll discovered in the desert city. Made from lost technology, it collects the natural energy floating in the air and converts it into the life force of its wearer.
砂漠の遺都で発見された幻の靴。失われた技術で作られており靴底に刻まれた文様が地脈の力を集めて、装備者に膨大な魔力を与える。=Mirage shoes discovered in the desert city. They were made with lost technology, and the patterns carved into the soles of their shoes gather the power of the ley line, granting the wearer vast amounts of magical power.
魔界と呼ばれる別世界から漂着した具足。こちらの世界では再現不能なほど精密に作られており装備者の制御を超える脚力を与えてしまう。=Gusoku drifted from another world known as the Demon Realm. It was made with such precision that it was impossible to reproduce in this world, giving it leg strength that surpassed the control of the equipper.
神々に剣舞を奉納する戦士のために作られた踵の高い靴。動く度に弦が鳴り響くことで勇猛な音色を奏で、装備者の戦意を高揚させるという。=A pair of high-heeled shoes made for warriors who dedicate sword dances to the gods. Each time they move, the string rings, creating a heroic tone that boosts the will to fight of the wearer.
高名な演奏家でもあった戦士愛用の円盾。攻撃を受け止めるたびに鳴り響く壮麗な音色が装備者を鼓舞し、その秘めたる力を解放させる。=A round shield favored by warriors who were also renowned performers. Each time it blocked an attack, a magnificent tone rang out, inspiring the wearer to unleash its hidden power.
ある帝国の神話に魅入られた職人が神器を再現すべく作成した不壊の大盾。青薔薇の紋章が示す通り奇跡の如き硬度であらゆる攻撃を弾く。=An indestructible great shield created by a craftsman enthralled by the myths of an empire to reproduce the Sacred Treasure. As indicated by the Blue Rose Crest, it repels all attacks with miraculous hardness.
魔界と呼ばれる別世界から漂着したローブ。こちらの世界では解析不能な製法で作られており、装備したが最後、永遠に魔力を放ち続ける。=A robe that drifted ashore from another world known as the Demon Realm. It was made using a method that was impossible to analyze in this world, and it was equipped, but in the end, it continued to emit magical energy forever.
ある帝国の神話に魅入られた職人が神器を再現すべく作成した魔法のドレス。妖艶なる紅花弁は鋭い棘の如き魔力を放ち鮮やかに敵を貫く。=A magical dress created by a craftsman enchanted by the myths of a certain empire to reproduce the sacred relic. Its bewitching safflower petals emit magical energy like sharp thorns, piercing the enemy vividly.
砂漠の遺都で発見された幻の法衣。失われた技術で作られており瀟洒な装飾には装備者の魔力を飛躍的に高める加護が施されているという。=An illusory vestment discovered in the desert city. It is said to have been made with lost technology, and its elegant decorations are blessed with divine protection that greatly enhances the magical power of the wearer.
歌姫としても高名だった魔術師が、舞台衣装としても愛用していた特別な魔装具。各部位に可憐に配された楽譜記号が装備者の魔力を高める。=A special magical accessory favored by a sorcerer who was also famous as a diva, as well as a stage costume. The score symbols placed neatly on each part enhanced the wearer’s mana.
砂漠の遺都で発見された幻の衣服。失われた技術で作られており魔力が編み込まれた布地が装備者に過酷な環境下でも戦い抜く活力を与える。=An illusory garment discovered in the desert city. It was made with lost technology and woven with magical energy, giving the wearer the energy to fight even in harsh conditions.
魔界と呼ばれる別世界から漂着した重鎧。こちらの世界では生成不可能な材質で作られており拘束具の如く装備者の全身を硬く覆ってしまう。=Heavy armor washed ashore from another world known as the Demon Realm. It was made from a material impossible to produce in this world, and it covered the entire body of the wearer like a restraint.
ある帝国の神話に魅入られた職人が神器を再現すべく作成した鉄壁の重鎧。女帝を守護する濃紫の大輪は何があっても散ることはない。=An iron-walled heavy armor crafted by a craftsman enchanted by the myths of an empire to recreate the sacred relic. No matter what happens, the large ring of dark purple protecting the Empress will not scatter.
砂漠の遺都で発見された幻の重鎧。失われた技術で作られており装備者を敵の攻撃のみならず過酷な砂漠の環境からも完璧に守り切るという。=A phantom heavy armor discovered in the desert city. It is said to be made with lost technology, and can perfectly protect its wearer from not only enemy attacks, but also harsh desert environments.
高名な楽器職人が尊敬する騎士へと献上するために作成した重鎧。鎧に受けた攻撃を音へと変換、拡散させ楽曲を奏でながら装備者を守る。=Heavy armor created by a renowned instrument maker to present to a respected knight. Attacks taken by armor are converted into sound, diffused, and played music to protect the wearer.
魔界と呼ばれる別世界から漂着した鎧。こちらの世界では原理すら不明の技術で作られており装備者の潜在能力以上の力を無理やり引き出す。=Armor washed ashore from another world known as the Demon Realm. In this world, it was made with technology that didn't even know the principles, forcing it to draw out more power than the wearer's latent potential.
ある帝国の神話に魅入られた職人が神器を再現すべく作成した礼装鎧。女帝が纏うに相応しい麗しき紫華は装備者に覇道を歩む力を与える。=A ceremonial armor crafted by a craftsman enchanted by the myths of a certain empire to recreate the sacred relic. A beautiful purple flower fitting for an empress gives the wearer the power to walk the path of supremacy.
砂漠の遺都で発見された幻の軽鎧。失われた技術で作られており華美な見た目ながら機動性と防御力が完璧なまでに両立された逸品である。=An illusory light armor discovered in the desert city. It was made with lost technology, and despite its gorgeous appearance, it was a masterpiece that perfectly complemented mobility and defense.
伝説の名工が音楽の神の啓示を受け作成したとされる鎧。精緻かつ堅牢な造りで高い防御力と動きやすさを両立し後世の職人の手本とされた。=An armor said to have been created by a legendary master craftsman upon the revelation of the God of Music. It is finely crafted and sturdy, and it has both high defense and ease of movement, making it a role model for future craftsmen.
ある帝国の神話に魅入られた職人が神器を再現すべく作成した不滅の魔杖。絡みつく茨の結界が装備者をいかなる危険からも守り抜く。=An indestructible magic wand created by a craftsman enchanted with the myths of a certain empire to reproduce the Sacred Treasures. The thorny barrier around it protects the wearer from any danger.
砂漠の遺都で発見された幻の短杖。失われた技術で作られており扇状の杖頭から輻射される神秘の波動が障壁を生成し、装備者を守護する。=A phantom short staff discovered in the desert city. It is made with lost technology, and the mysterious waves emitted by the fan-shaped head create a barrier to protect the wearer.
最強と謳われた武奏楽団の守護士が愛用していた杖。祈りを込めた息を吹き込むことで発生する癒しの領域があらゆる障害から装備者を守る。=A staff favored by the guardians of the Buso Orchestra, said to be the strongest. The healing area created by breathing in prayer protects the wearer from all obstacles.
峻厳な極寒地に自生する氷霊木の枝で造られた聖杖。極限環境で旺盛な生命力は杖の姿になっても変わらず生きているかの様に装備者を守る。=A holy wand made from the branches of an ice spirit tree that grows naturally in a harsh, frigid region. Its life force, active in extreme environments, protects its wearer as if it were still alive, even in its staff form.
砂漠の遺都で発見された幻の魔杖。失われた技術で作られており赤石内に刻まれた解析不能の古代術式が魔法の威力を爆発的に高める。=A phantom magic wand discovered in the desert city. It was made with lost technology, and the indecipherable ancient spell carved into the red stone increased the power of the magic explosively.
最強と謳われた武奏楽団の魔法使いのために作られた魔杖。魔力を込めて鍵盤を弾くことで、その調べに応じた天地万有の魔術を繰り出す。=A magic wand made for the strongest magician in the Buso Troupe. By putting mana into it and flicking the keys, one can cast heaven-and-earth magic in accordance with one's research.
絶対零度下でのみ生成されるという特殊な氷結晶を核とした魔杖。強力な魔力増幅効果を持つが、それ故に取り扱いには困難を極めるという。=A magic wand made from special ice crystals that are said to only be produced under absolute zero. It has a powerful magic amplification effect, but that's why it's said to be extremely difficult to handle.
ある帝国の神話に魅入られた職人が神器を再現すべく作成した破天の豪斧。薔薇の紋章の刻まれた厚刃は数多の戦場を経て真紅に染まる。=A heavenly axe created by a craftsman enchanted with the myths of an empire to recreate the divine relic. Thick blades engraved with rose crests are dyed crimson after countless battlefields.
砂漠の遺都で発見された幻の大斧。失われた技術で作られており贅沢に使用された碧玉の効果で、装備者の腕力と生命力を大幅に引き上げる。=A phantom giant axe that was discovered in the desert city. It was made with lost technology and used in luxury. It greatly increases the arm strength and vitality of the wearer.
最強と謳われた武奏楽団の切り込み隊で使われた剛斧。装備者の発する熱が伝わることでどこまでも熱く、硬くなり必殺の一撃を放つという。=A hard axe that was used in the cutting squad of the strongest band of warriors. It is said that the heat emitted by the armament makes it hotter, harder, and more deadly.
常時氷点下に湧き出づる霊泉に張る分厚い氷板を刃として使用した斧。頑健な刃は攻撃時に絶大な攻撃力を誇ると同時に盾としても機能する。=An axe that uses a thick ice sheet as a blade against a reisen that constantly springs out below freezing temperatures. Its sturdy blade boasts tremendous attack power when attacking, but at the same time serves as a shield.
ある帝国の神話に魅入られた職人が神器を再現すべく作成した騎神の豪槍。薔薇の花弁の如く重なり合う穂先は決して砕かれることはない。=A mighty spear of the Divine Knight created by a craftsman enchanted by the myths of an empire to reproduce the sacred relic. Its overlapping tips, like rose petals, will never be shattered.
砂漠の遺都で発見された幻の重槍。失われた技術で作られており特殊な形状の穂先で相手の攻撃を絡めとる鉄壁の立ち回りを実現している。=A phantom heavy spear found in the desert city. Made with lost technology, it uses a special-shaped tip to create an iron wall that entangles the enemy's attacks.
最強と謳われた武奏楽団の前衛部隊で使われた重槍。複雑な変形機構を持ちながらも非常に堅固で、攻防を自在に切り替え敵を翻弄していた。=A heavy spear used in the vanguard unit of the Buso Troupe, said to be the strongest. Despite its complex transformation mechanisms, it was extremely solid, allowing it to freely switch between offense and defense and toy with enemies.
万年の雪嵐の中で削られ生成された尖氷を穂先とした槍。大自然の猛威で錬成された刃は高い殺傷能力で対象を完膚なきまでに破壊し尽くす。=A spear made from the tip of ice carved out of the snowstorm of all time. Transmuted from the ferocity of Mother Nature, its blades are powerful enough to completely destroy a target.
ある帝国の神話に魅入られた職人が神器を再現すべく作成した必中の魔弓。この弓に狙われた者の胸元には必ず大輪の鮮血の紅薔薇が咲く。=An enchanted bow created by a craftsman enthralled by the myths of an empire in order to recreate the sacred relic. A large crimson rose of fresh blood always blooms on the chests of those targeted by this bow.
砂漠の遺都で発見された幻の大弓。失われた技術で作られており鋭い矢の一撃を放つ際の弦鳴により発生する不可視の風壁が装備者を包む。=An illusory great bow discovered in the desert city. Made with lost technology, it envelops its wearer in an invisible wind wall created by the sound of a string as it fires a sharp arrow strike.
最強と謳われた武奏楽団で代々使われた弓。矢を放つと同時に鼓が共鳴し装備者のまわりに防護壁を展開、楽団員と観客たちを守ったという。=A bow that has been used for generations by the strongest military band. It is said that when the arrow was fired, the drum resonated with it, creating a protective wall around the wearer to protect the band members and the audience.
雪原大陸を分断するクレバスの壁面の巨大な氷から削り出した大弓。絶対の冷気を纏い、放たれた矢は降り注ぐ雹のように対象を貫く。=A great bow carved out of the enormous ice on the crevasse wall that split the snowy continent. It was enveloped in absolute cold air, and the arrows pierced the target like hail pouring down.
砂漠の遺都で発見された幻の拳刃。失われた技術で作られており達人が用いれば徒手の延長の如く自在に強力な刺突を繰り出すことが可能。=An illusory fist blade discovered in the desert city. It was made with a lost technique, and if used by a master, it can freely deliver powerful stabs like an extension of one's hand.
最強と謳われた武奏楽団の守護者である拳士の愛用した手甲。拳の動きに合わせ張られた弦が共鳴し、曲を奏でているように聞こえたという。=A favored hand armor of the kenshi, the guardian of the strongest warrior band. It is said that the strings that match the movements of the fists resonated and sounded like they were playing a song.
金剛石を遥かに凌ぐ硬度を持つという精霊氷から削り出された手甲。前腕を覆う氷塊が攻撃と共に冷気を放ち対象を硬直させ確実に破壊する。=A handcuff carved out of the spirit ice said to be far harder than Kongoishi. The block of ice covering its forearm releases cold air along with the attack, stiffening the target and destroying it for sure.
砂漠の遺都で発見された幻の短剣。失われた技術で作られており超硬度で取り回しの良い諸刃が敵の急所を的確に突き致命の一撃を与える。=A phantom dagger discovered in the desert city. It was made with lost technology, and its double-edged, super-hard, and well-trimmed blades accurately pierced the enemy's vitals, delivering a fatal blow.
最強と謳われた武奏楽団に在籍した作曲家兼諜報員愛用の短剣。高度な静謐性は振るうたびに装備者の戦意と創作意欲を搔き立てるという。=A dagger favored by composers and espionage members of the most renowned Buso Troupe. It is said that its high level of serenity can incite the wearer's will to fight and creative impulses with every swing.
霊峰の断崖に生成され数百年を経た氷柱を刃とした短剣。風雪に晒され波打つ切っ先は的確に対象の弱点を捉え、凍えるような一撃を与える。=A dagger made from hundreds of years-old icicles formed on a precipice in the sacred mountain range. Exposed to the wind and snow, the wavy tip accurately grasps the target's weakness and deals a freezing blow.
ある帝国の神話に魅入られた職人が神器を再現すべく作成した妖艶なる刀。斃した敵の血と命を吸い刀身と薔薇はより鮮やかに紅に染まる。=A bewitching katana created by a craftsman enchanted by the myths of a certain empire to reproduce the sacred relic. It absorbs the blood and life of defeated enemies, and the blade and roses become more vividly crimson.
砂漠の遺都で発見された幻の曲刀。失われた技術で作られており湾曲した刃の軌道はいかなる防御をも軽々とすり抜け相手の弱点を切り裂く。=An illusory curved sword discovered in the desert city. It is made with lost technology, and the curved blade's trajectory easily slips through any defense and cuts through the opponent's weak points.
最強と謳われた武奏楽団に伝わる曲刀。一太刀ごとに鳴り響く風切り音が共鳴することで万物を断つ究極の刃となり装備者を勝利へと導く。=A curved sword passed down in the band of warriors who are said to be the strongest. The sound of the wind whistling through the air resonates with each sword, becoming the ultimate blade that severs all things, guiding the wearer to victory.
神が住まう氷河の氷をもとに名工が何代もかけて研ぎ、刃と為した刀。絶対零度の刃は如何なる物質をも鋭く両断し、切断面を凍て付かせる。=A katana forged by generations of master craftsmen based on the ice of the glacier where the gods dwell. The blade of absolute zero cuts any substance in half sharply, freezing the surface of the blade.
砂漠の遺都で発見された幻の大剣。失われた技術で作られており湾曲した刃の絶妙な重心配分によりあらゆる攻撃が必殺の一撃と化す。=A phantom greatsword that was discovered in the desert city. It was made with lost technology, and due to the exquisite weight of its curved blade, all attacks turned into lethal blows.
最強と謳われた武奏楽団の団長達が愛用していた大剣。常人には構える事さえ困難な重量から繰り出される一撃は壮大な剣戟音で敵を討つ。=The greatsword favored by the leader of the band, who was said to be the strongest of them all. It was a heavy blow that would be difficult for a normal person to even take up. It struck the enemy with the sound of a grand sword clash.
神代より溶けた事のない永久氷塊から削り出された氷の大剣。圧倒的な輝きと硬度で繰り出される攻撃は、如何なる敵も一撃で剛断する。=A greatsword of ice carved out of a permanent block of ice that had never melted since the Age of the Gods. The attacks unleashed by its overwhelming radiance and hardness were hard enough to sever any foe in a single blow.
未知の大陸を目指す調査船団の特別な功労者に与えられるブローチ。この栄誉を得た者は蒼海を飛び交う海鳥のように自在に魔力を操る。=A brooch given to those who have made a special contribution to the research fleet on its way to the unknown continent. Those who have received this honor can freely manipulate their magical energy like seabirds flying across the blue sea.
伝説と謳われた調理師旅団内で愛用された菓子楊枝の髪飾り。東方菓子の繊細な甘みと香りを常に感じることで、魔力が研ぎ澄まされる。=A sweet toothpick hair ornament favored by the legendary Brigade of Chefs. The delicate sweetness and fragrance of Eastern sweets is always there to sharpen one's magic.
魔界と呼ばれる別世界から漂着した尻尾の首飾り。蠢く尻尾が装備者の声帯に干渉し魔法威力を増加させるがその影響は詠唱時以外にも及ぶ。=A necklace of tails that drifted ashore from another world known as the Demon Realm. Its wriggling tail interfered with the vocal cords of its wearer, increasing the power of its magic, but its effects extended beyond just casting time.
未知の大陸を目指す調査船団の特別な功労者に与えられるブローチ。貝のごとき沈思と忍耐を誇る勇者は船団を守る盾と呼ばれ称えられた。=A brooch given to those who have made a special contribution to the research fleet on its way to an unknown continent. The hero, who prided himself on his seashell-like sanity and endurance, was hailed as a shield to protect the fleet.
伝説と謳われた調理師旅団内で常用された箸の髪飾り。あらゆる料理に対応可能という安心感が装備者の生存能力を大幅に底上げする。=A hair ornament made from chopsticks that has been regularly used in the legendary Chefs' Brigade. The sense of security that it can handle all kinds of dishes greatly increases the wearer's ability to survive.
魔界と呼ばれる別世界から漂着した翼の首飾り。第二の皮膚の如く密着し装備者の首を護るが、使いすぎると癒着し取り外し不可能となる。=A winged necklace that drifted ashore from another world known as the Demon Realm. It clung to the wearer's neck like a second skin to protect it, but if you used it too much, it would stick together and become impossible to remove.
未知の大陸を目指す調査船団の特別な功労者に与えられるブローチ。胸元で紅色に輝く栄誉を得た者は船上で八臂のごとき活躍を見せた。=A brooch given to those who have made a special contribution to the research fleet on its way to the unknown continent. Those who have received the honor of shining crimson on their chests have performed as well as those with eight arms on board.
伝説と謳われた調理師旅団内で流行した菓子切の髪飾り。他の装備を失う極限状況であっても最後の武器となり装備者を奮い立たせる。=A Kashikiri hair ornament that has become popular among the legendary Chefs' Brigade. Even in the extreme circumstances of losing other equipment, it can be used as a final weapon to rouse the wearer.
魔界と呼ばれる別世界から漂着した角の首飾り。得体の知れぬ豪角を自らの喉元に突きつける蛮勇を持つ者のみが破壊の力を得られる。=A necklace of horns that drifted ashore from another world known as the Demon Realm. Only those with the barbaric strength to thrust unknown horns at their throats could gain the power of destruction.
天界より遣わされた戦士たちが身にまとっていた魔導帽。地上と異なる魔法体系での強化付与によりまさに異次元の魔力上昇が体感できる。=The magic cap worn by the warriors sent from heaven. The enhancement granted by a different system of magic from the one on the ground allows you to experience a truly other dimension of magical increase.
未知の大陸を目指す調査船団の目である見張り番の帽子。装備するだけで感覚が研ぎ澄まされ危険の兆候や敵の隙も逃すことなく捉えられる。=A lookout's hat, the eyes of a research fleet heading for an unknown continent. Just equipping it sharpens your senses, allowing you to catch any signs of danger or openings in the enemy.
ランドソルの文化に触れたトーゴクの職人が作成した笠。竹笠に大兜の意匠と性能を組み込んだ意欲作。紅葉も魔物も気軽に狩れると人気。=A hat made by a craftsman from Togoku who came into contact with the culture of Landosol. A bamboo hat with the design and capabilities of a large helmet. It is popular for its easy hunting of autumn leaves and monsters.
ランドソルの文化に触れたトーゴクの職人が作成した履物。ヒール内に紅葉に似た魔術紋様が描かれており美観と魔力双方を高く底上げする。=A pair of shoes made by Togoku craftsmen who have come into contact with the culture of Landosol. They have a magic pattern resembling autumn leaves drawn on their heels that boost both aesthetics and magical power.
伝説と謳われた調理師旅団の制式魔法靴。匂い立つ紅茶の香りが精神を落ち着かせ何時いかなる場所でも安定した魔力供給を可能とする。=The legendary cooking brigade's magic shoes. The scent of the fragrant black tea calms the mind, allowing them to provide a steady supply of magical energy at any time and place.
未知の大陸を目指す調査船団で支給されている甲板用の靴。装備者に揺れや濡れをものともしない、平地以上の安定性を与えてくれる。=Shoes provided to the deck by the research fleet on their way to the unknown continent. They provide stability beyond flat land, keeping the wearer from shaking or getting wet.
未知の大陸を目指す調査船団の神業的な技術を誇る操舵手が用いる巨大な盾。圧倒的な強度を誇り、操舵輪が破損した時の代用にもなる逸品。=An enormous shield wielded by the helmsman, who prided himself on his divine skills in the research fleet’s quest for the unknown continent. It boasted overwhelming strength and was a masterpiece that could be used as a substitute for damaged steering wheels.
伝説と謳われた調理師旅団の制式軽装盆盾。何時いかなる場所でも変わらない白くエレガントな輝きがあらゆる攻撃とオーダーを捌く。=The legendary Chefs' Brigade's light-armored tray shield. It has an elegant white glow that can handle any attack and order, no matter the time or place.
ランドソルの文化に触れたトーゴクの職人が作成した法衣。礼装を下地にトーゴク風にアレンジされており優美さと実用性を両立している。=A robe made by Togoku craftsmen who have come into contact with the culture of Landosol. It is arranged in the style of Togok based on formal attire, making it both elegant and practical.
未知の大陸を目指す調査船団の頭脳たる幹部の制服。運動性能を著しく上げることはないが、鮮やかな色彩で後方からでも仲間を鼓舞できる。=The uniform of the captain of the research fleet, the brains of an unknown continent. It doesn't greatly improve its mobility, but it can encourage its comrades from the rear with its vivid colors.
伝説と謳われた調理師旅団の制服。その可憐で瀟洒な装いは、装備者に何時いかなる場所でも決して崩れぬもてなしの精神を与えるという。=The uniform of the legendary Chefs' Brigade. It is said that its lovely and elegant attire gives the wearer a spirit of hospitality that will never crumble, no matter the time or place.
ランドソルの文化に触れたトーゴクの職人が作成した装束。敏捷性向上に特化され、敵の視界には舞い散る紅葉が如き残像しか映さない。=A costume created by Togoku craftsmen who have come into contact with Landosol culture. It is specialized in improving agility, and the enemy can only see afterimages like scattered autumn leaves.
伝説と謳われた調理師旅団の制服。職人により作り込まれた機能性で何時いかなる場所でも厨房にいるかのような繊細な調理が可能である。=A legendary uniform of the Chefs' Brigade. Crafted by a craftsman, it is capable of delicate cooking, as if it were in the kitchen at any time or place.
天界より遣わされた戦士たちが身にまとっていた重鎧。強力な光の加護が付与されており邪悪な心を持つ者は近づくことさえできないという。=Heavy armor worn by warriors sent from the heavens. It is said to be blessed with the protection of powerful light, and those with evil hearts can't even approach it.
ランドソルの文化に触れたトーゴクの職人が作成した武者鎧。厳つさと華やかさを両立させた威容に、敵対する者さえ落葉の如く頭を垂れる。=Musha Armor created by Togoku craftsmen who have come into contact with Landosol culture. Its majesty is both solemn and gorgeous, and even those who oppose it bow their heads like deciduous leaves.
未知の大陸を目指す調査船団の勇猛なる甲板員たちの制服。仲間と船を守るためかなりの重装ではあるが、着衣のまま泳ぐことも可能である。=These are the uniforms of the brave deck crew of the research fleet heading for the unknown continent. They are heavily armored to protect their comrades and ships, but they are also capable of swimming in their clothes.
伝説と謳われた調理師旅団の制式重鎧。その防御力と安定性により何時いかなる場所でもまるで厨房にいるような感覚で調理可能となる。=The legendary Cooking Brigade's heavy armor. Its defense and stability allow it to cook in any place at any time, as if it were in the kitchen.
天界より遣わされた戦士たちが身にまとっていた鎧。眩き光の加護が装備者の潜在能力を引き出し、神話に謳われた英傑の如き力を与える。=The armor worn by the warriors sent from the heavens. The protection of the blinding light draws out the latent abilities of the wearer, granting them the power of a legendary hero.
ランドソルの文化に触れたトーゴクの職人が作成した振袖。動きやすさを極限まで追求し染上げられた紅葉が舞い踊るが如く敵を翻弄できる。=A furisode made by a craftsman of Togoku who came into contact with the culture of Landosol. It can toy with enemies like red leaves dancing in the wind, seeking maximum ease of movement.
未知の大陸を目指す調査船団の勇敢なる水兵たちの制服。過酷な環境でも身軽に動けるよう最新の技術と最高の素材を用いて作成された。=The uniforms of brave sailors of the research fleet on their way to the unknown continent. They have been crafted with the latest technology and the finest materials to be able to move with ease even in the harshest conditions.
伝説と謳われた調理師旅団の制式軽鎧。何時いかなる場所でもベストな調理パフォーマンスを発揮できるよう精緻な調整が施されている。=The legendary light armor of the Chefs' Brigade. It has been finely tuned so that it can perform the best cooking performance at any time and place.
ランドソルの文化に触れたトーゴクの職人が作成した玉串。連なる紙垂は生きた枝垂れ紅葉であり、生命力に溢れた神域を為す神木である。=A tamagushi made by Togoku craftsmen who have come into contact with the culture of Landosol. The string of paper drippings is a living branch, a red leaf, and a sacred tree overflowing with life.
未知の大陸を目指す調査船団の救助担当の船員たちが持つ浮輪。まるで意志を持つかのように要救助者の元へたどり着き、脅威から守りぬく。=The floats carried by the sailors in charge of rescuing the unknown continent. They reach the rescuers as if they have a will of their own, protecting them from threats.
伝説と謳われた調理師旅団で使用されていたお玉。あらゆる物を掬いとるその力で戦場でも癒しを配り、多くの客と仲間を救ったという。=A ladle that was once used by the legendary Chefs' Brigade. It is said that it used its power to scoop up anything and everything to heal even on the battlefield, saving many customers and companions.
魔界と呼ばれる別世界から漂着した杖。こちらの世界では解読不可能な上位存在の名らしきものが刻まれ、正体不明の法術が施されている。=A staff that drifted ashore from another world known as the Demon Realm. It was engraved with what appeared to be the name of a higher being that was impossible to decipher in this world, and it was enchanted with unknown thaumaturgy.
ランドソルの文化に触れたトーゴクの職人が作成した錫杖。樹齢千年を超える銀杏の古木から削り出され、強力な破魔の力を内に秘めている。=A staff made by a craftsman of Togoku who came into contact with Landosol culture. It has been carved out of an old gingko tree over a thousand years old and contains a powerful power to exorcise evil spirits.
未知の大陸を目指す調査船団の砲撃担当の船員が持つ杖。魔力を使用し船と感覚を共有することにより精密な艦砲攻撃を行うことができる。=A staff wielded by sailors in charge of bombarding the unknown continent. It can be used to attack ships with precision by sharing its senses with magical energy.
伝説と謳われた調理師旅団で使用されていたサーバー。優れた魔力伝達力を持ち、狙った相手に確実に破壊やスイーツを配ったという。=A server that had been used by the legendary Chefs’ Brigade. It was said to have excellent magical transmission power and was able to reliably destroy and distribute sweets to the target.
魔界と呼ばれる別世界から漂着した呪杖。こちらの世界では精製不可能な結晶化した魔力が、装備者の許容限界を無視して流れ込んでゆく。=A cursed staff drifted in from another world known as the Demon Realm. Crystallized magical energy that was impossible to refine in this world flowed into it, ignoring the limits of the wearer’s tolerance.
ランドソルの文化に触れたトーゴクの職人が作成した大槌。神木から削り出された頭は、振り上げる際は軽く、振り下ろす際は重くなる。=A giant hammer made by Togoku craftsmen who have come into contact with Landosol culture. The head carved out of the sacred tree is light when raised, and heavy when swung.
未知の大陸を目指す調査船団の剛力自慢たちが振るう大錨。一度振るわれれば敵だけではなく大嵐でさえも抑え込み船団に安寧をもたらす。=The great anchor wielded by the pride of the research fleet, aiming for the unknown continent. Once swung, it would suppress not only the enemy, but even the tempest itself, bringing peace to the fleet.
伝説と謳われた調理師旅団で使用されていた鈍器。巨大な魔物の肉を柔らかくする器具だが調理場だけでなく戦場でも猛威を振るった。=A blunt weapon that had been used by the legendary Chefs' Brigade. It was a device that softened the meat of giant monsters, but it also wielded ferocity not only in the kitchen, but also on the battlefield.
魔界と呼ばれる別世界から漂着した斧。こちらの世界には存在しない超高密度素材で非常に重いのだが、片手で使用されていた形跡がある。=An axe that drifted from another world called the Demon Realm. It was a super-high-density material that didn't exist in this world, and it was extremely heavy, but it showed signs of being used with one hand.
ランドソルの文化に触れたトーゴクの職人が作成した槍。傘としての機能を持たせた結果開くことで如何なる攻撃をも防ぐことができる。=A spear made by Togoku craftsmen who have come into contact with the culture of Landosol. It can be used as an umbrella to prevent any attack by opening it.
未知の大陸を目指す調査船団の脱出用の小舟に備え付けられたオール。鍛えられた船員たちにかかれば取り外して槍として使うことも容易い。=The oars were installed in the small boats used by the research fleet to escape to the unknown continent. With the trained sailors, they could easily be removed and used as spears.
伝説と謳われた調理師旅団で使用されていた槍。高級食器の如く手になじみ突く斬る巻き取る等、まるで手の延長のように繊細に扱える。=A spear that was once used by the legendary Chefs' Brigade. It can be used as delicately as an extension of one's hand, such as cutting and wrapping around a hand like high-class tableware.
魔界と呼ばれる別世界から漂着した槍。こちらの世界では解明不能な力場を纏っており、装備者は操られているような感覚に陥るという。=A spear that drifted from another world known as the Demon Realm. It was clad in a force field that was impossible to understand in this world, and it was said to make the wearer feel like they were being controlled.
未知の大陸を目指す調査船団の射手たちが使用する石弓。通常の矢だけでなく漁に使う銛も装填可能で長い船上生活での必需品となっている。=A crossbow used by the archers of the research fleet on their way to an unknown continent. It can be loaded not only with normal arrows, but also with harpoons for fishing, making it an essential part of life aboard a long ship.
伝説と謳われた調理師旅団で使用されていた弓。シリンジに充填した液体を発射することもでき、巨大なケーキすらデコレート可能である。=A bow that was once used by the legendary Chefs' Brigade. It can be used to fire liquids filled with cylinders, and can even decorate huge cakes.
魔界と呼ばれる別世界から漂着した弓。こちらの世界では未確認の自在に動く素材で作られ、時折装備者を捕食するような動きを見せる。=A bow that drifted ashore from another world known as the Demon Realm. It was made from materials that moved freely in this world that were unidentified in this one, and occasionally moved to prey on its armaments.
ランドソルの文化に触れたトーゴクの職人が作成した籠手。鮮烈な紅は装いではなく警戒色であり、触れた物全てを等しく砕き、朽ちさせる。=A gauntlet made by Togoku craftsmen who have come into contact with the culture of Landosol. Its vivid crimson color is not feigned, but wary. It shatters and decays everything it touches equally.
未知の大陸を目指す調査船団の初代船長愛用の鉤爪。荒々しさと獰猛さを宿した見た目は、かつての私掠船時代の名残を今に伝えている。=A claw favored by the first captain of a research fleet on its way to an unknown continent. Its roughness and ferocity tell of its former days as a private graze ship.
伝説と謳われた調理師旅団で使用されていたヤカン。補充した液体により性能を変化させ、客と味方には癒しを、敵には重い一撃を与える。=A kettle that was once used by the legendary Chefs' Brigade. Its performance can be altered based on the replenished liquid, healing the customers and allies, and dealing heavy blows to the enemy.
魔界と呼ばれる別世界から漂着した手甲。こちらの世界とは異なる次元に存在しており、如何なる防御をもすり抜け急所を確実に狙える。=A hand armor that drifted from another world called the Demon Realm. It existed in a different dimension from this world, and it could slip through any defense and aim for a vital point.
ランドソルの文化に触れたトーゴクの職人が作成した短刀。舞い散る葉の如く不規則に踊る斬撃はわずかな隙へ秋風のように吹き込んでいく。=A shortsword created by a craftsman of Togoku who came into contact with Landosol culture. The slashes danced irregularly like dancing leaves, blowing into the air like an autumn breeze.
未知の大陸を目指す調査船団の上陸部隊に支給された短剣。強力な発光機能を有し、信号を送るだけでなく戦闘時敵の視界を奪うことも可能。=A dagger supplied to the landing force of an exploration fleet heading for an unknown continent. It has a powerful luminescent function, and it can not only send signals, but also blind the enemy in battle.
伝説と謳われた調理師旅団で使用されていた小型ナイフ。一見すると食器のような装飾を施されているが硬い鎧もバターのように切り裂く。=A small knife that was once used by the legendary Chefs' Brigade. At first glance, it was decorated like tableware, but it could also cut through hard armor like butter.
魔界と呼ばれる別世界から漂着した短剣。こちらの世界では製造不可能な形状の刃でつけた傷は、決して癒えることなく相手を苛み続ける。=A dagger drifted from another world known as the Demon Realm. The wounds inflicted by blades shaped like those impossible to make in this world would continue to torment their opponents without ever healing them.
ランドソルの文化に触れたトーゴクの職人が作成した刀。その鋭い剣閃は秋風の如き優美さで立ち塞がる者全ての視界を紅に染め上げる。=A sword made by Togoku craftsmen who have come into contact with the culture of Landosol. Its sharp flash of a sword paints the vision of all who stand in its way crimson with the grace of the autumn wind.
未知の大陸を目指す調査船団の船員たちが刀を改造してつくった釣竿。後付けされた針と糸が思わぬ軌道を描き敵の隙を釣りだすという。=A fishing rod made by the sailors of the research fleet who seek the unknown continent by modifying their swords. It is said that the hooks and lines attached to it draw unexpected trajectories, allowing the enemy to catch an opening.
伝説と謳われた調理師旅団で使用されていた包丁。トーゴクの刀鍛冶による大業物で、巨大なトゥンヌスを一瞬で捌くほどの切れ味を誇る。=A kitchen knife that was once used by the legendary Chefs' Brigade. It is a masterpiece of Togoku's swordsmithy, boasting the sharpness of a giant tunnus in an instant.
魔界と呼ばれる別世界から漂着した刀。こちらの世界では存在しえない斬れ味の刀身は、保護するための鞘ですら容易く切り裂いてしまう。=A katana that drifted from another world known as the Demon Realm. A blade with a cutting edge that didn't exist in this world could easily cut through even a scabbard to protect it.
未知の大陸を目指す調査船団の各船に一本ずつ備え付けられた巨剣。有事には折れたマストの代わりに使われるほどの頑健さを誇る。=Each ship of the research fleet is equipped with a giant sword. It is sturdy enough to be used in place of a broken mast in times of emergency.
伝説と謳われた調理師旅団で使用されていた剣。フライ返しのようなスリットにより如何なる物体も張り付くことなく華麗に切り分ける。=A sword that was once used by the legendary Chefs' Brigade. Slits like flippers cut through any object without sticking to it.
魔界と呼ばれる別世界から漂着した剣。こちらの世界の物理法則を無視するように、軽く振っただけの攻撃を必殺の一撃へ変えてしまう。=A sword that drifted from another world known as the Demon Realm. As if to ignore the laws of physics of this world, it transformed a light swing into a fatal blow.


現世とは異なる次元にある妖精界の英雄が愛用した剣。どんな剛力でも破壊不能な蒼く輝く刀身が、必殺の威力を余すことなく敵へと伝える。=The sword favored by the hero of the fairy world, who lives in a different dimension from the real world. The shining blue blade, indestructible no matter how strong it is, conveys its deadly power to the enemy.
天界より遣わされた戦士たちが手にしていた聖剣。聖なる加護が剣のみならず装備者を包み込み、悪へ立ち向かう力と勇気を与えるという。=A holy sword in the hands of warriors sent from the heavens. It is said that divine protection envelops not only the sword, but the armament as well, granting them the strength and courage to face evil.
現世とは異なる次元にある妖精界の女神姉妹が身に着けていた耳飾り。眷属である蝶は戦場を舞いその翅は敵対者の血で赤く染まっている。=The earring worn by the Fairy Realm's goddess sisters in a different dimension from the real world. The familia butterfly dances across the battlefield, its wings stained red with the blood of its enemies.
天界より遣わされた戦士たちが身に付けていた紅玉の指輪。白き双翼の加護が邪悪に対するあらゆる攻撃を必滅の天の裁きへと昇華させる。=A crimson orb ring worn by the warriors sent from the heavens. The divine protection of the white twin wings sublimates all attacks against evil into the inevitable judgment of heaven.
現世とは異なる次元にある妖精界の吟遊詩人愛用の弓。狙った獲物を追尾する魔法の矢を放ち、命中すると弦鳴りが美しい音楽を奏でる。=A beloved bow of the Bards of the Fairy Realm, on a different level from the real world. It releases a magic arrow that tracks its prey, and when it hits, the strings play beautiful music.
天界より遣わされた戦士たちが手にしていた聖弓。弦鳴による聖結界が番えた矢に命を吹き込み、風の如く自在に舞う矢は、必ず急所を貫く。=The holy bows sent from the heavens were in the hands of the warriors. The arrows that breathed life into the arrows with the sound of the string barrier, and danced freely like the wind, always piercing their vital points.
現世とは異なる次元にある妖精界の王位継承者のために作られた重鎧。刻みこまれた精霊王との絶対守護の盟約は絶命の定めすら捻じ曲げる。=Heavy armor made for the heir to the throne of the fairy world, which is on a different level from the real world. The pact of absolute guardianship with the engraved Spirit King even twists the fate of the dead.
現世とは異なる次元にある妖精界の女神姉妹が身に着けていた耳飾り。眷属である蝶は老樹に憑りつきその生命力を吸い上げ己が力と変える。=The earring worn by the Fairy Realm's goddess sisters in a different dimension from the real world. A familia butterfly clings to an old tree and absorbs its life force, transforming it into its own power.
天界より遣わされた戦士たちが身に付けていた翠玉の指輪。黄金の翼が装備者の肉体と魂の双方を包み込みあらゆる邪悪を拒絶し、放逐する。=A jade ring worn by warriors sent from the heavens. Golden wings enveloped both the wearer's body and soul, rejecting and expelling all evil.
現世とは異なる次元にある妖精界の勇猛なる王族が戦場で愛用した斧。蝶の羽ばたきの如き静謐さで、死をもたらす巨刃は蒼き軌跡を描く。=A battle-hardened axe favored by the brave royal family of the fairy world, who lived in a different dimension from the real world. It was as tranquil as the flapping of a butterfly's wings, and the giant blade that brought death drew a blue trail.
天界より遣わされた戦士たちが手にしていた聖斧。装備者に破壊と戦の加護を与え、天の敵に対して一切の容赦を持たぬ戦士へと変貌させる。=The holy axe in the hands of the warriors sent from the heavens. It grants the wearer the divine protection of destruction and war, transforming them into warriors who show no mercy at all against the enemies of heaven.
現世とは異なる次元にある妖精界の勇士が愛用した刀。硬さと軽さを両立した刃が風に舞う蝶の如く自在に動き敵の急所を容易く切り裂く。=A sword favored by the brave warriors of the fairy world, who lived in a different dimension from the real world. Blades that were both hard and light moved freely like butterflies dancing in the wind, easily slicing through the enemy's vitals.
天界より遣わされた戦士たちが手にしていた聖刀。鍔に浮かぶ光輪は、装備者を天使と同等の存在位階へと一時的に押し上げる力がある。=The holy swords the warriors sent from heaven held in their hands. The halos on the guards had the power to temporarily push the wearer up to the same level of existence as an angel.
現世とは異なる次元にある妖精界の氏族長の証たる腕飾。一見、優美な腕飾りだが見えざるもう一つの手を作り出し自在に操ることができる。=An armband that proved to be the clan head of the fairy world, on a different level from the real world. At first glance, it was an elegant armband, but it could create another invisible hand and freely manipulate it.
天界より遣わされた戦士たちが身につけていた聖腕甲。聖なる炎闘気が装備者を包むことで、身体能力を飛躍的に上昇させ、悪を粉砕する。=The holy arm armor worn by the warriors sent from heaven. The holy flame fighting spirit engulfs the wearer, greatly increasing their physical abilities and pulverizing evil.
現世とは異なる次元にある妖精界の姫が持つ短剣。護身用と呼ぶには鋭利すぎる切れ味を持つだけでなく美術品としての価値も非常に高い。=A dagger wielded by the princess of the fairy world, on a different level from the real world. Not only is it too sharp to be called a self-defense mechanism, but it is also highly valuable as a work of art.
現世とは異なる次元にある妖精界の女神から賜った杖。女神に献上され上位次元に蓄えられた魔力を借受け尽きることなく攻撃魔法を放てる。=A staff bestowed upon you by the Goddess of the Fairy Realm, who lives in a different dimension from the real world. You can fire off attack spells without draining the magical energy that was offered to the Goddess and stored in a higher dimension.
天界より遣わされた戦士たちが手にしていた聖征杖。太古の昔地上から失われた天界の操魔技術により本来あり得ない威力の魔法を操れる。=The Holy Staff in the hands of the warriors sent from the heavens. It can be wielded with magic that is normally impossible due to the magic manipulation techniques lost from the ancient earth.
現世とは異なる次元にある妖精界の女神姉妹が身に着けていた耳飾り。眷属である蝶は呪術を扱い、悲嘆と慟哭を啜り、蒼き翅を震わせる。=The earring worn by the Fairy Realm's goddess sisters in a different dimension from the real world. The familia butterfly wields spells, slurps up grief and wails, and trembles its blue wings.
天界より遣わされた戦士たちが身に付けていた蒼玉の指輪。白き片翼が天界に安置された番の翼と繋がり、膨大な魔力を地上へともたらす。=A blue orb ring worn by the warriors sent from heaven. One of its white wings connects to the wings resting in the heavens, bringing vast amounts of magical energy to the surface.
現世とは異なる次元にある妖精界の衛士のために作られた大盾。特殊な合金に接木された精霊花の再生能力により事実上の不壊を実現した。=A large shield made for the Eishi of the fairy world, which is on a different level from the real world. It has been grafted with a special alloy, and thanks to the regenerative ability of the Spirit Flowers, it is virtually indestructible.
現世とは異なる次元にある妖精界の泉の精が持つ杖。無限の生命力が湧出る宝玉から蝶たちを介し装備者と仲間たちに癒しの力を分配する。=A staff wielded by the Fountain Spirit of the Fairy Realm, which is on a different level from the real world. Infinite life force flows out of the orb and through the butterflies, distributing healing power to its armaments and friends.
現世とは異なる次元にある妖精界の王族のために作られた衣。華やかな見た目ながら裁縫妖精の絶技により高密度の魔力が織り込まれている。=A robe made for the royal family of the fairy realm, which is on a different level from the real world. It may look gorgeous, but it is imbued with high-density magic thanks to the Sewing Fairy's ultimate technique.

アストライアの伝統的な模様が織り込まれた服。購入には相応の身分や家格が必要。=Clothes woven with the traditional patterns of Astraea. A suitable rank or family rank is required to purchase them.
とても高価なプラチナを使用して作られた短剣。護身用に懐に忍ばせる貴族も多い。=A dagger made from extremely expensive platinum. Many nobles carry it in their pockets for self-defense.
闇に紛れて行動するのにこれほど優れた衣装はない。どこかの国では、プロのスパイが愛用していたといわれている。=No outfit could be better than this for acting in the dark. It was said that professional spies favored it in some countries.
かつてこの弓で仕留めた獲物を想い人に贈り恋を叶えた男がいた。彼はその出来事にあやかり、愛の神の名をこの弓につけた。=There was once a man who had given the prey he had taken down with this bow to someone he cared about and made his love come true. He was suspicious of this event and named this bow after the god of love.
布地の上に革のローブを重ねた服。防寒対策に優れ、寒冷地での素材採取などに適している。=Clothes made by layering leather robes on top of fabric. They provide excellent protection against the cold, making them suitable for collecting materials in cold weather.
魔力の籠ったオパールのイヤリング。装備者は体の内から活力が溢れ、攻撃力がアップする。=An opal earring filled with magic. The wearer's body overflows with energy, increasing their attack power.
人から迫害され、地下深くに追いやられた魔族の制作した弓。彼らは自分たちの領域に立ち入る人間を、この弓で葬ってきた。=A bow created by daemons who were persecuted by humans and driven deep underground. They buried people who entered their territory with this bow.
王城内に務める女性騎士の服。上質な革と、黒金を使用し、胸にはナイトの地位を示す装飾。気品ある意匠に仕上がっている。=A female knight's attire in the royal castle. High-quality leather, black gold, and a knightly ornament adorning her chest. It has an elegant design.
鷲の上半身と、獅子の下半身を持つグリフォンの羽で作られた羽飾り。獰猛な獣の力が宿っている。=A feather decoration made from the wings of a griffon with the upper body of an eagle and the lower body of a lion. It is imbued with the power of a ferocious beast.
英雄は人を喰らう海竜を倒すためにこの弓に雷の力を封じ込めた。電光纏いしその矢は、海竜を一撃で葬ったといわれている。=The hero sealed the power of lightning in this bow to defeat the sea dragon that devours humans. It is said that the lightning-wreathed arrow buried the seadragon in one blow.
エルフの女王が、他種族との和平協定会議の際に着ていた服。エルフ族は万が一に備え、女王の服に強力な魔法のベールを張った。=The clothes the elven queen wore during the peace treaty meeting with other races. The elves put a powerful magic veil on the queen’s clothes, just in case.
旧時代の終末大戦で大天使が悪魔との戦いに用いた大弓。この放たれた矢の一撃は、地獄の最下部コキュートスにまで届いたという。=The archangel used it in the Great War of the End of the Old Age to fight demons. It is said that this arrow's attack reached Cocytus at the very bottom of Hell.
王の密命を受けた神官が己の命を賭して作り上げた美しき法衣。月明かりの中で縫い上げたため、月光を受けると七色の輝きを放つ。=A beautiful priest's robe, crafted at the cost of his own life at the behest of the king. It was sewn up in the moonlight, so it shines in seven colors when exposed to the moon's light.
世にも珍しい緋色のダイヤ。竜の炎を封じ込めていると言われ、装備すると烈火の如き力を手に入れることができる。=A scarlet diamond that is rare in this world. It is said to contain the flames of dragons, and when equipped, you can obtain power like a raging fire.
八芒星は無限の循環を意味し、自然に存在する八つのエレメントを吸収し、装備者に絶え間なくその加護を授ける。=The octagonal star signified an infinite cycle, absorbing the eight elements that naturally existed and incessantly granting its protection to the wearer
狩猟の女神の加護を宿した弓。獲物を逃さない百発百中の狙いと、破魔の効果を得た矢が一射で戦局を塗り替える。=A bow imbued with the protection of the Goddess of Hunting. An arrow with a hundred shots aimed at its prey that wouldn't miss, and an arrow with the effects of exorcism, could change the tide of battle in a single shot.
隠者と呼ばれる、魔道の深淵を覗かんとした者の服。魔力が練り込まれた糸で縫製されている。=The clothes of those who dared to peek into the abyss of magic, known as hermits. They were sewn out of thread that had been kneaded with magical energy.
四大精霊の魔力を統合し、封じ込めた特殊な鉱石。稀代の錬金術師が成し遂げた一大発明品。=A special ore that combines the magical power of the Four Great Spirits and seals them away. It was the greatest invention accomplished by a rare alchemist.
精霊樹を素材にした弓。精霊界の神聖な魔力を内包しており、放たれる矢はあらゆる敵を貫く威力を持つ。=A bow made from a spirit tree. It contains the sacred magical energy of the spirit world, and the arrows it fires have the power to pierce any enemy.
民のためなら神々にすら刃向かう義侠の志に篤き術者のローブ。無上の輝きに包まれし天の加護が装備者に鋼の意志を与える。=A chivalrous aspiration to stand up to the gods for the sake of the people, and a caster's robe. Engulfed in an unmatched brilliance, the divine protection of the heavens gives the wearer a will of steel.
太陽神の加護を受けた宝玉を用いた魔に抗う者たちのための首飾り。強大な敵と対峙しても怯むことなく自らを鼓舞して戦うことができる。=A necklace made for those who resist evil using an orb blessed by the Sun God. Faced with a powerful enemy, you can inspire yourself to fight without fear.
闇の女帝が身に纏いしドレス。蠢く闇の如き漆黒の意匠は、あらゆる魔をも魅了し、人々には恐怖を与えたという。=The dress worn by the Empress of Darkness. Its pitch-black design, like wriggling darkness, captivated all demons, and it was said to terrify people.
猫神が生み出したとされる宝石。所持者は驚異的な視力と反射神経を得るため、何者も見落とさず、逃さない。=A jewel said to have been created by the Cat God. Its wielder has incredible eyesight and reflexes, so no one can miss it.
創世の刻より燃え続いている炎を宿すルビーが嵌められた指輪。万物を焼き払うほどの炎を身に纏うことができるという。=A ring imbued with a ruby that has been burning since the time of creation. It is said to be capable of incinerating all things.
ある帝国の神話に魅入られた職人が神器を再現すべく作成した神舞の装束。神の寵愛を受けた可憐な花冠が装備者を優しく包みこむという。=A divine dance costume created by a craftsman enchanted by the myths of an empire to recreate the divine instruments. It is said that a lovely flower crown, favored by the gods, gently envelops its wearer.
ランドソルの文化に触れたトーゴクの職人が作成した弓。弦に使われる蔦の捻じれが矢の軌道を複雑なものへ変えてしまうため熟練を要する。=A bow made by a craftsman of Togoku who came into contact with the culture of Landsol. The twisting of the vines used in the string changes the trajectory of the arrow into something complex, so it requires mastery.
天界より遣わされた戦士たちが身にまとっていた靴。神々の祝福が付与されており、装備者は自らの重さを感じずに飛ぶように舞い踊る。=The shoes worn by the warriors sent from the heavens. They are blessed by the gods, and the armaments dance as if they fly without feeling their own weight.
ランドソルの文化に触れたトーゴクの職人が作成した扇子。懐より取り出し扇ぐことで紅に染まる秋の風が吹き、落葉は胡蝶の如く舞い踊る。=A fan made by a craftsman of Togoku who came into contact with Landsol culture. The autumn wind, dyed crimson by taking it out of his pocket and fanning it, blows, and the deciduous leaves dance like a butterfly.
現世とは異なる次元にある妖精界の従者のために作られた衣。鮮やかな見た目だが主を守るため強力な魔力で装備者の能力を底上げしている。=A robe made for the servants of the fairy realm in a different dimension from the real world. It has a vivid appearance, but it uses powerful magical energy to boost the abilities of the wearer in order to protect its master.
金属や革を鱗状に貼り付けた鎧。普通の鎧よりも動きやすく、斬撃や刺突に強い反面、鈍器などの打撃には弱い。=Armor with metal and leather stuck to it in the shape of scales. It was easier to move around in than normal armor, and while it was resistant to slashes and stabs, it was also weak to blunt weapons and other blows.
古代の戦士たちが使用していた兜。とても頑丈に作られており、現代でも十分に使うことができる。=A helmet used by ancient warriors. It is very sturdy and can still be used in modern times.
名誉ある騎士に贈られる斧槍。その刃は、折れることなく、国と民の為に戦う騎士の誇りを体現している。=An axe-spear given to an honorable knight. Its blade is the embodiment of the pride of a knight who fights for his country and his people without breaking.
薄板で作られた鎧。確かな防御力と、軽さ故の動きやすさが特徴。=Armor made of thin plates. It is characterized by its definite defensive power and ease of movement due to its lightness.
身の丈ほどの金属の大盾。圧倒的な防御力を持つ反面、その重量故に、移動が困難となる。=A large metal shield about the length of his body. It had overwhelming defense, but its weight made it difficult to move.
一突一殺の槍。その殺傷能力は、強固な鎧をいとも簡単に貫き、一突きで敵の息の根を止める。=A spear that kills each and every one of them. Its killing ability easily pierces through solid armor and kills the enemy with a single thrust.
青き天体をあしらった戦斧。世界そのものを象徴する天体は、大地のエネルギーを吸収し、装備者に力を与える。=A battle-axe adorned with a blue celestial body. It symbolizes the world itself, absorbing the energy of the earth and granting power to its wearer.
強くてオシャレな騎士をテーマに作られた鎧。ただし、どんなにオシャレをしても、実力が伴っていなければ魅力は半減してしまう。=Armor made under the theme of strong, stylish knights. However, no matter how stylish they are, their charms will be halved if they aren't accompanied by actual skill.
履くと足音が消える特殊なブーツ。東国のスパイが履いていたらしいが彼らにまつわる情報はそのほとんどが謎のままだ。=A special pair of boots that make footsteps disappear when worn. Apparently, spies from the East wore them, but most of the information related to them remains a mystery.
高度な武器の製造を研究する、ある工房で制作された一挺。斧の内部に雷を貯蓄し、攻撃に際して放出することが可能。=It was created by a factory that researches advanced weapons production. It can store lightning inside an axe and release it when attacked.
屈強な男たちを次々と倒し、闘技場の女王となった女戦士の鎧。対戦相手は彼女の獣のような眼光を見ただけで戦意を喪失したという。=The armor of a female warrior who defeated brawny men one after another and became the queen of the arena. It is said that her opponent lost the will to fight just from seeing her beastly eyes.
かつて存在した黒龍を信仰する騎士団が使用していた兜。彼らは龍に捧げる生贄のために、罪もない人々の命を奪い続けた。=A helmet once used by the Knights of Favonius, who worshiped the Black Dragon. They continued to take innocent people's lives as sacrifices to the dragon.
魔力の籠ったエメラルドのイヤリング。装備者は不屈の精神を得て、防御力がアップする。=An emerald earring filled with magic. The wearer gains an indomitable spirit, increasing their defense.
火山に生息する竜の背に、突き刺さっていた槍。穂先は長年竜の体内にあったことで炎の力を宿すこととなった。=A spear lodged in the back of a volcano-dwelling dragon. The tip was imbued with the power of fire after being inside the dragon's body for so many years.
厚めの鉄板を組み合わせた鎧。軽快さを捨てて、防御力に特化させており、斧や大剣を使う戦士たちが好んで使用している。=Armor made of thick iron plates. It has lost its lightness and is specialized for defense, and is favored by warriors who use axes and greatswords.
レイピアなどの細剣を使用する剣士のために作られたブーツ。とても軽く、力よりも機動性を重視する細剣士には最適の装備。=Boots made for swordsmen who use thin swords such as rapiers. They are very light, and are the perfect equipment for thin swordmen who value mobility over power.
伝説の槍騎士が所有していた名槍。一振りすれば真空の刃が旋風となり刃に直接触れることなく周囲の敵を一網打尽にする。=A famous lance owned by the legendary Spear Knight. One swing and the vacuum blade would become a whirlwind, taking out all nearby enemies without directly touching the blade.
地獄の業火が封じられた両刃斧。その身は血のように赤く、ひと振りすれば紅蓮の炎が敵に襲いかかり、骨まで焼き尽くすといわれている。=A double-edged axe sealed from the fires of hell. Its body was as red as blood, and it was said that with a single swing, crimson flames would assault the enemy and burn them to the bone.
神話に姿を現す聖なる脚具。あらゆる攻撃を寄せ付けず、炎の中すら涼しげに歩くことができる。=A holy weapon that appears in myths. It can walk coolly through the flames, keeping all attacks at bay.
空の踊り手と呼ばれた半神半人の騎士が使用していた兜。彼は空を縦横無尽に舞い、敵を翻弄したと言われている。=A helmet used by a half-god, half-human knight known as the Dancer of the Sky. It is said that he danced in every direction through the sky, toying with his enemies.
長きに渡り君臨した皇帝が作らせたという伝説の魔道具。装備者に降りかかる厄災を肩代わりするという。=A legendary magic tool said to have been made by an emperor who had reigned for a long time. It is said to shoulder the calamity that befalls the wearer.
大地母神の加護を受けた槍。決して折れず欠けず砕けない。その強靭さを所持者に宿し、膂力を飛躍的に向上させる。=A spear under the protection of the Earth Mother. It will never break, nor will it break. Its tenacity resides in its wielder, making it much stronger.
戦の最前線に立ち続けた女王の斧。想像を絶する重量だが、斧が認めた所有者には軽々と扱える。その刃は堅牢な城門すら一撃で打ち破る。=The queen's axe stands on the front lines of battle. It's unimaginably heavy, but it can easily be wielded by an owner acknowledged by the ax. Its blade can even break through a sturdy castle gate in a single blow.
乱世の小国において、生涯をかけて王女の命を守り通した騎士の盾。のちに王女は女王として近隣を統べその騎士を救国の英雄と讃えた。=A shield of knights who had protected the princess's life for the rest of their lives in a small country during the turbulent times. Later, the princess ruled her neighbors as queen and praised her knight as a hero of salvation.
水の精霊が精霊力を注いだ斧。軽量だが、切れ味は鋭く、触れるだけで鉱物を寸断することも可能。=An axe made of water spirits pouring their spiritual energy into it. It is lightweight, but sharp, and capable of shredding minerals with a single touch.
竜殺しの英雄が愛用した重鎧。竜の意匠が施された分厚い装甲は、鉄をも引き裂く爪や、灼熱のブレスをも防いだという。=Heavy armor favored by the dragon-slaying hero. It was thick with a dragon design, and it was said to block claws and scorching breath that could tear through even iron.
太古の妖精が加護を与えた脚甲。巨大な霊力に加え魔除けのミスリルを随所に細工することで、破魔の力を増大させている。=A leg armor granted by an ancient fairy with divine protection. By manipulating mithril to ward off evil in addition to enormous spiritual energy everywhere, it increases the power of exorcism.
天界より遣わされた戦士たちが手にしていた聖槍。装備者に生命の樹の如き頑健さと不撓不屈の精神を与え倒れ伏すことを決して許さない。=The Lance of Longinus was in the hands of the warriors sent from the heavens. It gave the wearer the strength and indomitable spirit of a tree of life, and would never allow them to fall to their knees.
ランドソルの文化に触れたトーゴクの職人が作成した扇。銀杏を食む鹿は緑黄に染まる秋山の恵みを表し、扇ぎ出る爽風は生命力をもたらす。=A fan made by Togoku craftsmen who have come into contact with the culture of Landsol. The deer that eat gingko represent the blessings of Akiyama, dyed green and yellow, and the refreshing breeze that fanned it brings vitality.
現世とは異なる次元にある妖精界の学者が発案した槍。妖精幾何学に則り設計された穂先から鱗粉を振り撒く攻防一体の防衛兵装である。=A spear devised by a scholar from the fairy world who lives in a different dimension from the real world. It is a defensive armament designed according to fairy geometry that scatters scales from the tips.
現世とは異なる次元にある妖精界の騎士のために作られた鎧。鍛冶妖精の妙技により、まるで身体の一部のように装備者の能力を拡張させる。=Armor made for the Knights of the Fairy Realm in a different dimension from the real world. Thanks to the Blacksmithing Fairy's skill, it expands the abilities of the wearer as if it were a part of their body.

