いんだけどさ、最近テレ女の空気全体的にちょっとアレじゃない？や、なんか校風崩れっていうの？ルーセンティズム入ってきてね？=you know, isn't Tere-girl's air, overall a little bit of "that"? Hm, i think "School spirit collapsing"? Or is Lucentism spread here?
いいけどユニ先輩のフェス服、アレ何なの。似合ってるけどチエルのも無駄にデコってて、アレ何なの。似合ってるけど=you know, what the hell with Yuni Senpai's Festival clothes? well, it's suits her. and what with chelle's useless decoration? well, that good too
そういやあんたもどっかの学校でスポーツ経験あるらしいねそうなんだ…へー、いいじゃんえ、海辺で野球？　何それ冗談？=Ah, right, you seem to have experience in sports at some school, right? Hmm... that's great, you know, Baseball at the beach? are you joking?
え、ちょ何…ガン見やめてよわりかし肌出てンの思いだして、急にモジついて来ちゃうじゃん…あ？　寒そう？　いいえ、別に=Wait what?... stop looking at me like that, you make me aware of my exposed skin, suddenly i feel fluttered, you know. Hm? didn't feel cold, you say? no, i'm fine.
テレフェスっていうか、まあ体育とかスポーツ的なのは得意な部類だよね、個人競技は団体競技は…協調性が課題だわ=St. Theresa's Fes, no, Physical or sport-like education is my expert categories. The single one, The group one... I hate the Cooperating one

ちょー、いつもの外野うるさいハズめの声援やめてくんないあと、うち不良ではないからいや毒婦でもねーわ=Hey, the usual outfield, you're being noisy. Please stop your cheers. and i'm not a delinquent, no, i'm not a naughty girl too
そんな、うちの応援とかいいからあんたも自分の競技がんばりー？次なに出んの。あ？　二人三脚？え、誰と。別にいんだけど、誰と=It's fine, you didn't have to cheer for me. You have to did your best at your contest too, okay? What's yours next? hm? Two-legged race? with who? its not that i care but, with who?
なんか悪いね、あんたに弟の面倒まで見てもらっちゃって…そだ、このあと家族とおべんと食べんだけど良ければ一緒にど？=I'm sorry, you have to take care of my brother... Right, after this we want to eat lunch together, you wanna come?
ハ？　いや、格好いいとかそんな真顔で言うフツー？　はっずや、べつに言うなってわけじゃ…言いたきゃそれは…言いなよ=Normally, there is no one say "Wow, you're cool" with a straight face like that? I'm shy. No, it's not that i want you to not say it. if you want to, then that's fine, wait no, don't say it.
よっ、と楽勝…！つーかさ、障害物競走なんて、フツー子供のやるもんでしょ…マジでこの学校アタオカだわ=Hup! that's easy... you know, normally steeplechase is for kids, right? seriously, this school is weird

聖テレサ女学院_正門_聖学祭=St. Theresa all-girls school _ Main gate _ School Festival