今までは一人で探偵をしていたけれど、あの頃に戻りたいとは思わない…君と出会ってしまったからね=Until now I was a lone detective, but I don't want to go back to those days. All because I met you.
私の好きな推理小説の新作が出るんだよければ君もどうだ？全巻貸すよ！=A new volume of my favorite detective novel is coming out. How about it? I'll lend you the whole set!
たまには、探偵と助手としてではなく、オフの状態で出かけないかい？頭にも休憩が必要だからね♪=How about we go somewhere, not as detective and assistant, but just to hang out every now and then?Your mind needs a break too. .♪
昼夜逆転になりがちな仕事だしとにかく歩き回るし根気がいるし…の割に、君はよくやってくれているね。助かっているよ=This job tends to have you working nights, and besides that, it requires a lot of walking and perseverance. Despite that you are doing a good job. I'm grateful!
助手くんとならどんな難しそうな事件も一発解決間違いナシだねっ=If I'm with my assistant, no matter how difficult a case seems, there's no case we can't solve easily!

はやての速度で事件を暴き犯人確保は雷撃のごとし！名探偵・カスミにお任せあれ！=Resolving incidents as quick the wind; capturing criminals like a lightning strike! Leave it to me, Great Detective Kasumi!
<Taken from global - minor punctuation changes and line breaks added>
荒事は好みじゃないけど…事件解決のためならおとなしくしているつもりはないんだよっ！=I'm not one to enjoy getting rough... but if it's in order to resolve the incident, I have no intention of staying quiet!
<Taken from global - line breaks added>
探偵と助手という関係の私たちだけど、今はそれを抜きにしても君のことを大事なパートナーだと思っているよ♪=Our relationship may be that of a detective and assistant right now, but if we leave that aside, to me, you're still a precious partner. ♪
<Taken from global - line breaks and note added>
的確にフォローしてくれる君がいるから、私は存分に力を振るえるんだよまさに名探偵名助手、だねっ！=With you here perfectly following me up, I can go all out! Without a doubt, a Great Detective needs a Great Assistant!
<Taken from global - line breaks added, last phrase altered>
そぉーれ～っ！ふふっ【自警団（カォン）】が誇る名探偵の力を見くびってもらっては困るよ♪=Take that! Hehe, looking down on Caon's Great Detective will land you in trouble! ♪
<Taken from global - line breaks and note added>

『大好きです、先輩♪』わぁ違う！　今のは私じゃなくてキーリが言ったんだよ！もうっ、正直すぎるよキーリは！="I love you, senpai♪ "Ah, no! That wasn't me just now! It was Kiri! Ugh, Kiri is way too honest...!
…ねぇ、助手くん。私たちは探偵と助手としてなかなかの名コンビになったと思うんだだから、ね…次は仕事以外でも…=...Hey, Assistant. I think that we have became an excellent detective and assistant duo. So... Hey, how about next time, outside of work...
この手にあるのは真実の輝きずっと、私が求めていたものさ今度はちゃんと笑顔を贈るよキーリ…大切な、もう一人の私=What I have in my hands is the radiance of truth. It's what I've always sought. Next time, I'll give you a proper smile. Kiri... my precious other self.
迷い惑う人々に救いの光を与える知的で格好良い名探偵、か…そう在り続けたいものだね『私自身』への、誓いとして=I will shine the light of salvation on those who are lost. An intelligent, cool detective, huh? I want to continue being that It's a vow to my 'self'
名探偵としての私儚く弱々しい私どちらも紛れもなく私だよ全部見せられるのは、君だけさ♪=Me, the great detective, andthe me who is weak and fragile, both are unmistakably me. You are the only one I can show everything ♪