この日を待ってたわ！思いっきり遊ぶから、覚悟しなさいよね！=I've been waiting for this day! I'll play as much as I can, so prepare yourself!
この浮輪、かわいいでしょ乗り心地もいいんだからどうしてもって言うなら、乗せてあげるけど？=This float is cute, isn't it? And it's comfortable to ride, but if you so insist, I'll give you a ride.
あんたといると退屈しないわ…どういうことかって？それは、えっと…一緒にいると楽しいってこと！=I never get bored when I'm with you... What do you mean by that? It's uh... It's fun when we're together!
たまには二人っきりで出かけてあげてもいいわよ言っておくけど、あんたに拒否権はないから♪=It's fine for both of us to go out alone once in a while, but just so you know, you don't have the right to refuse♪
水着が似合ってるって？あんたに褒められてもねぇ～で、でも…ありがと=You think the swimsuit looks good on me?, I don't need your compliments, but... Thank you

疲れてるみたいね一緒に浮輪に乗って、ゆっくりする？=You're looking pretty exhausted. Wanna hop on my swim right and chill out together?
なんか、幸せーって感じこれもあんたのおかげ、かな？…その、あ、ありが…な、なんでもないわよ！=Honestly, this is one of those times I feel like I'm genuinely happy. And I think it's all because of you. Um... Th-thank... Actually, nevermind!
ね、ねえ、浮輪に穴あいてない？空いてるわよね！？　っていうか魔物もいるわよね！？ぎゃー！　こっち来んなぁ！=H-hey. There's a hole in my swim ring, isn't there? There is! And there's monsters here, to boot! Argh! Get away, get away!
何よ、物欲しそうな顔してこのジュースが飲みたいの？しょうがないわね、一口だけよ？=Quit eyeing my juice like that, will you? Fine, fine. You can have some. But just a sip.
汗をかいた後の飲み物って最高よねはぁー、おいし♪=Nothing better than a good drink after working up a sweat. Ahh, Simply delicious.♪

このままあんたとどこかに流れていっちゃうのも悪くな…や、やっぱ今のなし！忘れろばかぁ！=It's not so bad if I just drift off with you like this somewhere... n-no forget what I've just said you idiot!
こんな楽園みたいな所に来れるなんて夢みたいだわ！あーもう最っ高！さあ、楽しみつくすわよ！=It's like a dream to come to a paradise like this! Ah, it's the best!, Come on, let's go have some fun!
せっかくの穏やかな時間なのよ？あくせくしないで波に身を任せてのんびり過ごすの。こういうのもたまにはいいでしょ♪=It's such a peaceful time, you know? Don't be hasty, just let the waves takes you and relax. It's nice once in a while isn't♪
キレイな海もまばゆい太陽も別に初めてじゃないのに何倍も心地よく感じるわこれもあんたのおかげかしら？=It's not like this is the first time I've seen a beautiful ocean or a dazzling sun before, but it feels so much more comfortable. I wonder if it's because of you?
なに、あんたもこの浮き輪使いたいの？　仕方ないわねこっち来なさ…ちょ、近い！顔が近いってもう！=What, do you want to use this float too? Fine, fine, come here... Hey, too close! Your face is too close, geez!