こんな討伐依頼はさっさと終わらせて、バーゲンセールに行くわよ！…もちろん、キミと二人でね♪=Let's finish this extermination request quickly and head to the bargain sale! Of course, you're coming with me♪
敵に包囲されたか…前の敵は私がやるから、キミは後ろから援護をお願い！…私の背中、預けたからね♪=Surrounded by enemies, huh... I'll handle the ones in front; you cover me from behind! I'm counting on you to have my back♪
この力…キミの優しい心が、私に力を与えてくれてるのね…ありがとう…私、キミのためならどこまでも強くなってみせるわ！=This power... It's your kind heart that's giving me strength... Thank you... For you, I'll become as strong as I need to be!
キミの力と私の力が合わされば、相手が誰であろうと負けるはずがないわ！最大効率で一気に片付けるわよ！=With your power and mine combined, there's no way we can lose, no matter who we're up against! Let's finish this with maximum efficiency!
攻撃に大事なのは、１に効率、２に効率！　３も４も５も効率！究極の効率を体現したこの技で、纏めてぶっ飛ばしてやるわ！=What's important in an attack is efficiency, efficiency, efficiency! No. 1 through No. 5— it's all about efficiency! With this ultimate technique that embodies efficiency, we'll send them all flying!
あの…キミって、好きなタイプっているのかしら？え？　ちょ、ちょっと気になっただけよ。それだけだってばっ！=Um... do you have a type of person you like? Huh? I-I was just curious, that's all!
キミを傷つけるやつがいたら…こうしてやっつけてあげるわ！私の大切な弟子だもの！=If someone hurts you... I'll take care of them! After all, you're my precious disciple!
よければキミのお財布、私が管理してあげよっか？えっ？　盗らないわよっ！見損なわないでっ！=Would you like me to manage your wallet for you? What? I'm not gonna steal from you! Don't get the wrong idea!
この町に泥棒が現れたの！？まじめに働いてる人への冒涜じゃない！ゆ、許せないわっ！=A thief has appeared in this town!? It's an insult to hardworking people! I-I won't forgive this!
今日は特売セールの日！もちろんキミも、一緒にきてね！油断したら命に関わるわよ！それじゃあ…とっつげき～！=Today's the big sale day! Of course, you're coming with me! A slip-up could cost you your life! So... let's charge in!
かけ持ちしすぎちゃったからバイトを手伝ってくれない？ほら、キミなら頼りになるし=I've taken on too many jobs. Could you help me with my part-time work? I know you're reliable.
キミのスケジュール管理、私がしてあげようか？24時間つきっきりでもちろん管理費はいただくけど=Would you like me to manage your schedule? I'll be with you 24/7, though I'll have to charge a fee for the management.
素材を稼ぐか、ルピを稼ぐか…どっちの戦略も練ってあるから必要なら相談してね=Should we focus on gathering materials or earning rupees? I've got strategies for both, so let me know if you need advice.
今回用意した計画もバッチリよもし街の外に行くのなら早めに出かけましょう=The plan I prepared is solid. If we're heading outside the city, let's leave early.
効率的な動きに大事なのは、観察する力よ普段からちゃんと鍛えてる？=What's important for efficient movement is the ability to observe. Are you training properly?