Princess Yui 3*
たとえこの先に、何があっても…騎士クンを、みんなを守りたいのわたしの、全てをかけて！この思いは…誰にも負けない！　=No matter what happens in the future... I want to protect Kishi-kun and everyone else. I'll put everything on the line for this! This feeling... can't be defeated by anyone!
これだけの大きな魔力、本当に使いこなせるのかな……ううん、わたしはもう迷わないこの瞬間に、全力を出し切る！=I wonder if I can really control such a huge amount of magic... No, I won't hesitate anymore. I'll give it my all in this moment!
戦うのは、わたしにまかせて！今の幸せも、未来の幸せも壊させたりしないよ…！今度こそ！　必ず！=Leave the fighting to me! I won't let anyone destroy the happiness of the present or the future! This time, for sure! Absolutely!
騎士クンのあったかい力前よりもすごく強くなってる…わたしの気持ちも、同じだよ騎士クンの気持ちは…どう？=The warm power of Kishi-kun has become even stronger than before... and my feelings are the same way. How about your feelings, Knight-kun?
戦いや普段の時だけじゃなくてもっと色んな時間を騎士クンとずっっと一緒に過ごしたい……まずは、食事に誘わなくちゃ！=I want to spend more time with Kishi-kun, not just in battles and regular times, but all kinds of moments... First, I have to invite him to a meal!

Princess Yui 1*
騎士クンと二人でパワーアップ…ううぅ～…すごくうれしくて、胸の奥の気持ちが溢れ出そうこれも力の影響なのかな…=Powering up with Kishi-kun... Ugh~... I feel so happy, the feelings in my heart are overflowing... I wonder if this is also an effect of the power...
チェンジ・プリンセスフォーム…あれ！？　変身しちゃってる！？騎士クン！　今のはちょっと、言ってみたかっただけで…！=Change・Princess Form... Huh!? I've transformed?! Kishi-kun! That was just something I wanted to say...!
変身したらお腹が減るけど何かを頑張った後のごはんって美味しいから、楽しみだよね今日は何を食べようかな…♪=When I transform, I get hungry, but meals after working hard on something are always delicious and something to look forward to, right? I wonder what we should eat today... ♪
この力を使ってる時、騎士クンの格好は変わらないんだね…その…わたしがプリンセスなら王子様みたいに…なんでもない！=It seems that when using this power, Kishi-kun's appearance doesn't change. If I were a princess, I would want you to look like a prince... It's nothing!
騎士クンのためなら、わたしはどんなことが起きても平気だよ騎士クンと一緒にいられて、騎士クンが笑顔でいてくれたら…=I'm willing to do whatever it takes for the sake of Kishi-kun, as long as I can be with him and keep him smiling...

